Imagine a male version of the iconic scene in "When Harry met Sally".  I just just gotten off a plane, jumped in my rental (look into Silvercar btw) and headed to Little Miss BBQ. Line outside was about 30 people deep at 12pm on a Wednesday. I didn't care, I wanted some brisket.  I'm from the southeast, so BBQ to me means pork. Getting good brisket can be difficult to find.  So once I heard they had good brisket, I had to come. The line took about 30 minutes, but they came out to make sure people grabbed waters (in the cooler beside the line) and offered up "samples" of their house-made sausage - I put sample in quotes because I ended up with like 3 pieces.  I got in and order 2 meat plate and went with lean brisket (they were out of fatty/wet) and pork rib. Sides were grits and slaw.  That Brisket..... tender as a new mother holder her baby for the first time. My mouth made noises that made others around me look and wonder what was going on. Envision a male version of that scene in When Harry met Sally. It was that good.  Rib - Excellent, tender, flavorful.  Slaw - felt I needed some sort of vegetables, but was too full to eat much of it. Good though Grits - surprisingly tasty. Again I'm from the south, so I'm picky about my grits.  All-in-all I will likely eat here every chance I have when I am in town, and I would suggest others to as well. Just don't expect a quick lunch; and leave time for a nap after.
Honestly not much to write here. Food was okay. Nothing spectacular, but nothing bad either.   Service was okay - sat at the bar with what appeared no designated waitress which made things a little more difficult - was never checked on and had to ask for coffee.
A little "hole in the wall" that can be difficult to find as it is not facing Mill Ave.  Since it was my first time I was a bit overwhelmed with the choices.  One of the employees came out to chat with me and explain everything, which was a pretty big help.  I got a sandwich - I can't tell you what sandwich it was, but it was good.  Like really good.  Looking for a quick lunch, that is a little different and is tasty?  Ike's is a great place to go.
I had tacos today. They are very very dry. Al pastor has a very strong flavor that is not pleasant. Buche was very good that's why I gave them some stars. Service is slow.
Pupusas were raw and beans tasted old and were dry. This is the worst customer service I have ever received. I ordered1 15 pupusas by phone and they said they would be ready in 30 minutes. 35 mins later I show up and my order hasn't even been started. She says come back in 20 minutes. I got my food 50 minutes after. Ridiculous and it happens all the time.
These are honestly the best pupusas in Las Vegas. I have never ate anything else, just pupusas. Very good and full of filling. Their red salsa and curtido are delicious too.
Had the most amazing massage today by Laura. Unfortunately I don't live in the area, but if I did, I would be back regularly!! She gave a wonderful massage, the perfect blend between deep tissue work and truly therapeutic relaxation techniques. She was attentive and incredibly professional.   I had been searching for a spa/massage salon for my boyfriend and I and randomly found this one. I was pleasantly surprised by the spa-like ambiance - soothing spa music, aromatherapy, dim lighting, calming aesthetics... this was such a gem of a find!  I cannot praise Laura enough! Book with her!!
This is a terrible place to buy a ring. I came here a few times over an year ago and customer service was completely different, 100% better. We bought a few rings here, anniversary bands, engagement ring, wedding band, among other things and we started having problems an year ago with their resizing work, it sucks, poorly executed it makes the ring look like it's going to break.  Still, because they have always tried to help and resolve things we went back there to buy a Neil Lane ring, from Becky and Brian and this was the worst decision we made. They lied to us from the beginning saying this rings have to be specially made for each customer to their size, unless they have a ring and it's only one size difference (then they can resize it), they told us that there was no ring in any store that could be resized to my size so Id have to wait 3 months, ok we understood and agreed. We received a ring that was obviously resized, THREE MONTHS LATER, and the work was as bad as I had it on my rings before, I asked them and they told me it had been resized. Seriously?? 3 months for a ring that would take 2 weeks ?!? Of course we were upset not only because they lied but because the ring clearly looks different than a brand new made ring. They put in an order for a ring that would be actually manufactured this time and of course we had to wait ANOTHER 3 MONTHS....we were never contacted by the store by email or phone so we called them, they asked to return the call which they never did and when we called again, Laura told us they received the ring , THEY DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS MY RING, and they recalled on it because there was something wrong with it. She also told us we would have to wait, guess what, ANOTHER 3 MONTHS! How can they think this is acceptable ?! Why are they still on business with all this complaints?  I'm beyond frustrated and I'm for sure never buying anything else here, if they can't take good care of their customers than we will just go shop somewhere else!
I love going to nightclubs and I was super excited to go to Marquee for the first time,but it was very disappointing. First, super cocky guys at the door..we had our names on the list but it was very difficult to find someone to ask about it because they pretty much ignore you. After almost 20min a more a more friendly man cared to ask if someone helped us yet and he had us come in. The club was so packed you couldn't even walk, literally. My feeling was that there was more people than they were suppose to have there. We couldn't really walk, we kept on being squeezed in the crowd..it was awful! I'm used to go to busy places but this one was more crowded than acceptable.  We lasted 10 minutes and decided to go somewhere else.  I'm giving this place one star because we could barely see the place; the people at the door is extremely arrogant and they had way more people than they should in there. At least elevator guys and securities were courteous. Marquee, never again!
Bad, bad, BAD experience! I wanted to come here because I always heard great things about this place, but it was a terrible experience and I truly regret it.  Let's start with the place, extremely dark! So, how can you watch the ladies when you can barely see them?   The ladies, boring to say the least.  No pole work and low dancing skills, on top of that they're rude..if you don't like couples or girls be polite, don't just say "whatever" and walk away like we are nothing, that's offensive!   Service, the service is ok for a busy place and the cocktail server was very polite BUT they tried charging my husband's and friend's card for $200,00 each when our bill was $40,00 and we DIDN'T  want to keep an account open (we told our server that).  WHAT'S WRONG WITH THEM?  Of course they both had their cards blocked and had to spend over 20 min on the phone to get that taken care of.  We left shortly after we arrived and won't ever come back. There are several strip clubs in Vegas, don't waste your time and money here!
We came for lunch today and I was amazed.  As soon as we came in someone greeted us by the door and walked us to a nice table outside. It didn't take long and we had a waitress at the table. Our waitress was Danielle, who was very courteous and was always checking on us.   Our drinks came very fast, the same with our food and desserts. We had ceviche which was perfect, spicy and tasty! They can make little adjustments if you request. The food looks and tasty delicious!  The place is big and well organized. They have inside and outside sittings. It's a nice place to have a long relaxed lunch or dinner. And we are definitely coming back!
Amazing!! Wow! I ordered 2 via Uber eats, a classic one and a chocolate bomb. They're way more than what I expected and I'm more than satisfied. It came quick and in individual boxes, they look and taste amazing and the price is really fair.
Just walked out of this place never to come back! We asked if they were open and the man said yes so we asked if they could do a half hour massage and he said no, so we told him we only had half hour available,  and he said no because they charge for hour. My husband, trying to explain it to him, offered him 20,00 for the half hour (when that's the price for the whole hour), just so I could get a 30 min massage and then he said it wouldn't be possible because they didn't have people to do it - tho he said they were open. Very disappointed. We were not trying to get it cheaper, that's why we offered the full price for a shorter massage but then it went from "we're open" to "we don't have people".  Also we notice a small sign that show how much you should tip after the massage and the least is 100%, that absurd!! I really DON'T recommend this place.
I started coming here the day they opened their doors for the first time and I'm so glad! The place is super clean and organized, they have a light (but nice) vintage touch on their decoration and everybody is just very friendly! It's the only nail place I've been to that I actually met the owner and see her regularly greeting costumers and making conversation with them. It just makes it for a more inviting place.  They have a good size selection of regular nail polish and a great selection of gel and sparkles. And just like many nail shops they offer other services like waxing, facial and lashes extension. Their prices are similar to other nail shops I've been to so I consider them fair. My nail technician is Andy, I've known him for a little over two years now and I promise you, his massages are amazing! He does a great manicure and pedicure too, of course!  Check this place out and have fun with the gorgeous pin-up pictures and vintage mirros on the walls.
My husband always buys me the miso soup here, and it's really delicious! He calls and orders, so it's ready by the time he goes pick it up. So we came for dinner the other day and the place was packed, which I thought It was a good thing, meaning it's a good place with good food.   And it really is! They have "all you can eat" option, it's not super cheap but their menu is amazing, so it's fair. If you like Japanese food you'll go crazy here! And you can have more than one dessert if you pick "all you can eat", how awesome is that? The food is amazing, seriously.  The service is good too, the lady taking care of us was really nice and knowledgeable. They bring everything considerably fast and I got everything I ordered.  The only bad thing about the restaurant is that the tables are very close to one another so you don't have privacy and can't help but to listen to others people's conversations.  I'm going back for sure, asap!
Really good ice cream! I was just looking for some ice cream on a cone, nothing special and when I got here it was like "wow, look at this menu!". They have a lot of flavors and options to choose from. And it's really good! I got myself a strawberry cheesecake on a waffle cone, absolutely amazing!!!  It's a little weird of a place with no inside, you order at a window and just leave with your ice cream. There's no sitting down, so if you're thinking of hanging out while enjoying your ice cream, this is not the place. According to the guy, it's old school, like ice cream places used to be back in the day.  The only reason why I'm not giving this place five stars is the service. See, it's not the fact that you can't sit down and enjoy your ice cream peacefully, that didn't bother me as much as the way the guy who served us was acting. So grumpy, not personable at all.  I felt like we were bothering him by being there to order something. It's an ice cream for place! Be nice. There are so many places you can go to to have ice cream (that you can actually sit down), if you're picking that place they should offer you nothing but a good experience.
It's a nice inexpensive place. They have "all you can eat" option, which is a great idea for people who like to try everything! It's a nice sized place with enough room between tables.  The service is great, they really look happy to see you. I felt really good as soon as I walked in, great vibe! And they're fast, so be careful not to order too many things at once because you'll have your table full!  They are really good explaining the menu and suggesting so if you're unsure or confused, jus ask them! The food looks and tastes good, I was super excited after reading the reviews here and I sure was not disappointed. The reason why this place is not a 5 star for me is the fact that they ran out of gyoza, which happens to be my favorite item in any Japanese menu; and the fact that their bathroom looks dark and a little messy.
Oh God, what a night we had here! We made reservations for last night and I was beyond excited to come here, and I can tell you it was everything I expected and more! So I don't want to just spoil it for you but they have a peculiar way of taking reservations and receiving you when you arrive, it made us feel like we were back to the old days when Mafia was all over the place and things had a hint of suspense and mystery.  The place is absolutely gorgeous! The decoration, the chandeliers and pictures on the walls just take you right back to a different era. We were seated immediately and they had us in the red booth by the mirrors, facing the whole place, excellent!  Customer service wise they're also amazing, our server lady was very cordial and attentive, she took our orders and made sure to help me find a non alcoholic drink (I'm pregnant) so I wouldn't feel so left out as everybody with me was drinking. She suggested me a fruit punch that was delicious! Food came out pretty quick, we had appetizers, a soup/salad and our main meal. I must say that everything, absolutely everything, smelled and tasted fantastic! Me and my girl had dessert as well, she had the cannoli while I had a tiramisu, yes it was tasty and fresh. We ended up bringing some of the food home as their meals are good sized. Last but not least, I'd like to go back to the atmosphere. This place was beyond what I expected, the lightning and music were so relaxing and intriguing. They had a singer who made me cry happy tears, oh my God! That man had such a soft voice and he actually walked up to our table to sing us a song and I couldn't hold my tears, he was very friendly and interactive with us. This easily became my favorite restaurant and I'm already planning on making reservations for their Sinatra brunch on Sunday!
Parsley is an amazing place for those who like Mediterranean food. Their food is delicious and always fresh. I come here every week for the steak or beef kabob plate and I can't get enough of It! They offer the main meals in either a bowl, which will have the salad under the rice and your choice of meat; a plate, which will have all three side by side, or a wrap, which will have everything inside on a delicious wrap. They have all the items that are common in Mediterranean restaurants for you to add, some at no cost and some costing you an extra dollar.  You will have different options to make a combo and make the most out of your experience.  They love regulars and have a rewards program, you will get a code to text to a number or enter on the app they use called Perka, and each code count as one point. After 10 points you will get a meal for free!  Trust me, it's easy to get those 10 points as they are great with costumer service and their food rocks!!
Went in today to see Dr Biggs after being in severe pain for two days. First I need to mention I have anxiety and going to the dentist causes me major discomforts. I've been there once specifically to meet him in person and he was really cool and relaxed. His staff is just WONDERFUL! Everybody seems to be so calm and comforting. His office is super clean and organized and it doesn't looks terrifying like dentists office usually do.   So today I had to overcome my fear and anxiety and give him a shot. I read a few reviews that mentioned "pain free root canal" and I thought that could not be possible. IT IS! The only part that wasn't the greatest was numbing but he managed to make me laugh with his stories and his assistant was a really funny lady as well, reassuring me I'd be ok and always checking on me. I kid you not, I felt absolutely nothing! Reviews don't lie!! This guy is a miracle and I wish everybody that has to go through a root canal treatment would give him a try. It is PAINLESS. Not even a little discomfort, nothing! I had some root canals before and that's why I was so nervous but I was wrong... it was a pleasant experience and I was able to laugh instead of panic! He was also really attentive explaining me what he was doing when I would ask about a certain noise or instrument. Explained to me to whole post care and what I should do next. I highly recommend him to EVERYONE!
I get my nails done here every two weeks and I really like their job! I get gel and it always lasts longer! My nails ways look good, never get cut during cuticle cleaning and the foot massage is awesome! Andy does an incredible pedi job and I adore getting mani from Helen!
This location needs some serious improvement. We have 3 pits and our older one stayed at Doggie District but in a different location that is now closed, and it was a great experience that's why we came back to doggie district. We have to bring our 2 newer dogs to be evaluated and during that day one of our dogs had her collar chewed on by our other dogs, it's not their fault so it was ok, we told them that this typically happens.  So we did boarding and we had new collar for all of them. We brought their food and told the staff we would be doing a stay-cation so if they needed food or anything they should call us and we would take care of it. Ok, they never called so we assumed everything was ok...we just picked up our dogs and I asked like 3 or 4 times if they were ok, if they did ok and all I heard was "yes". Guess what, they lost another  collar...and all of them have BAD dihareia. One one of them was still wet, from the exit bath. I'm so disappointed, can't believe I left my dogs there for almost a week, thinking the would take good care of my dogs and now they're all messed up. Never again.
Food is alright, nothing special tho. The restaurant itself is beautiful and servers are very polite. They're always checking on you. They have a nice menu, nice sake selection. They're not expensive or crowded. It could be a very good restaurant.  Here's why I'm giving this place one star, hygiene.  As soon as we sat down I noticed a piece of hair on the small soy sauce dish, not cool! But I decided to ignore it since my husband gave me his, as I was the only one who was going to eat. A few minutes after we started eating I asked for paper napkins and as the server was bringing them to me one fell down on the floor. Surprisingly she picked it up and put it together with the other napkin she was bringing me... After giving me the clean and dirty napkin she took the dirty one with her saying it was dirty, and I honestly believe that if she knew we hadn't seen it she would have given me the dirty and the clean one.  That was the end for me, I could barely finish my meal as I was disgusted.  It's a nice restaurant with good food but they could use hygiene.
I was really excited to come here and get a quote to wrap some pieces of the interior of my new car. I've been waiting for so long to get the car and customize it how I wanted. And I'm so bummed....we called before coming in and spoke to jay on the phone, I explained what we wanted to do and he told us to come in so we could get a quote and schedule the service.  I talked to Jay again when we got there who seemed cool but immediately after seeing what pieces we wanted to wrap started telling us about hydrographic and how I could do that and is better than wrapping as wrapping is time Consuming and more of a liability thing ? I'm confused, I thought wrapping was also  their area? He was telling me how places that do hydrographics take whatever is it apart and how it's their area. We felt like he just ditched it, he didn't want to do it. I was never offered to see their material or anything. Maybe it's because I said "all that?" When he estimated $400 dollars for the work. I apologize if it came out wrong, it doesn't mean I would not pay or could not pay I just thought it was less or based on the material to be used.  Anyway, very poor experience. Guess I'm looking for a different place as I would prefer wrapping than doing hydrographic.
The place is nice but the staff not really friendly or talkative. The pedi service was good, painting was good, but the mani was not really nice. I asked then for half moon, I asked if they would do it and they said yes. I feel ashamed. The work was very bad executed and my nails look really weird. Also the painting looks bad. I told the person that was doing my mani how I wanted the half moons to look like, not really big or open and I got exactly what I said I didn't want to. I even pointed it to the person while he was painting it but it was pointless. Not sure I'd go back to that place..
I use this location sometimes as it's closer to our house and convenient. Most times than not the experience is not good, there are many other Wells Fargos locations that are amazing so I believe this is reversible. This one location lacks employees and training, they are a busy location but slower than some busier ones..also, they really need to be better trained for a number of reasons. They should prioritize their costumers who show up in person, after all they're taking time out of their day to get something done and they're choosing Wells Fargo over other banks - As a former bank manager I've been always trained to ensure our customers were always taken care of in the best way possible and in the shorter amount of time not to waste their time.  One thing that became a concern to us is their lack of attention when working on the drive thru, they ALWAYS make mistakes, sometimes costing us money. This is a big no, no and it should be taken care of. Paying attention when working with someone's money is extremely important. I believe with a few more employees and proper training, this can become a great location. There's lots of room for improvement.
So we purchased a home with them this year and the experience was both, good and bad.  No doubt their houses are amazing and very detailed, I fell in love with a friends house and when we realized we would have a chance to buy our first house with them I was extremely excited! Their houses have all sorts of floor plans and are affordable, not crazy expensive!  So we initially talked to a lady called Candee and filled out a sheet with some of our info. Unfortunately we didn't know better and researching their houses we found a different group of model homes and were then helped by Amy.   My very first advice for you is, avoid AMY MAESTAS. She gets easily distracted and will forget appointments and details, also she will say everything she notices you want to hear to get you to close (like promise you a time frame for the house to be finished when they're not supposed to) and if you do have problems she will become rude and snippy.   *FYI You need to prepared yourself in case it takes longer, don't believe anyone who swears to you your home will be done in 3 to 4 months because that's not true. Prepare for a longer period so you don't end up in a bad situation like we did and some others we know and you can plan ahead.*  My second advice is if its your first house purchase, read the whole contract and if they did promise you something - like a too good to be true time frame -  write it on the contract (you will find a few blank lines for this towards the last pages).  Also, make sure you meet the lender and talk to him and ask about the process and express your concerns, don't be one of those people who are fooled into putting the earnest money and options money down just to then realize you won't be able to close and be out of that money! Make sure whatever directions your lender gives you you follow them, take it seriously as it can compromise your purchase process.  Our lender was Steve S from New American Funding (it's one of their preferred lenders) and he was AWESOME! Big shout out to him and Molly!  One thing we had a problem with was the construction site. We were always (every week) visiting and encountered things like beer cans all over and even nasty messages on our walls, be on it! Visit frequently and don't be afraid to let your sales person know about any problem (take pictures!) - and if you end up with Amy who won't help you, go to their main office because they will for sure take care of you.    The whole process, from when we signed the first agreement to when we got our keys took about 6 months, it was longer than anticipated and stressful because we had a rude and unprofessional sales representative. If you're prepared to wait longer than you will probably be promised, you will be just fine and chances are everything will be smooth.   When you get your keys make sure you're on time to do the walk through, they don't play and if you're late you won't have a chance to do that. TRUST ME, you do want to check the house out with their superintendent! They will give you a lot of precious info and you will be able to point out anything that needs to be fixed or touched up (sadly you will find a lot of little things).   We moved in exactly a month ago from today and aside from all our problems with Amy and the construction site, we have no regrets! The house is a dream and their floor plans are amazing, we just absolutely love it!  I only wish I knew better and had contacted the first realtor, Candee, when we saw the different model homes. She's a sweet person, very customer service oriented and will always be nice to you and make sure your concerns and doubts are addressed.  So guys, if you're looking for a formidable and affordable house you should definitely check out their model homes! You really won't regret it!
Awful experience.  We arrived a little before midnight and the host looked like he was not in the mood to work. We asked for a place for two and my husband asked about being sitted where they set the food on fire, excuse my memory but I can't remember the name of that place but I know it's not the bar, and the host looked like he didn't like us asking, he looked really unhappy. Asked us for a moment and then came back to walk us there. Everybody looked like they were not happy to see us and nobody said hello or smiled at us. Just a reminder, it's not  "all you can eat", it wasn't happy hour time and the place is expensive, so if we were still willing to have dinner there I would appreciate not feeling like  we were not welcome or bothering them. We sat down but I immediately asked my husband if we could go somewhere else, such a heavy vibe. Nobody but the host said goodbye either. Zero appreciation. We crossed the parking lot and went to sushi way, which is cheaper, has the "all you can eat" option and a very friendly staff.
We just left this location and I'm so happy with the whole experience that I believe it worth writing a review. The person who took our order was really friendly and the place was really clean and well organized. Considering it's almost 4am I wasn't expecting a good service or a clean place, that's how all my previous Robertos experience were. Strongly recommend this location
I came here last night with my husband and a girlfriend. We had such an amazing experience!!  The place is beautiful and you will find all types of girls, they're very attractive!   We got a table when we arrived but our cocktail lady, Fabi (not sure how it's spelled? ) was so arrogant and mean that we moved to the bar, and their service was way better and faster (they're very courteous at the bar). The drinks are good and at a reasonable price.  Tables are a little too close to one another but the bar has a lot of room.  Bathrooms are clean.  This club has a large number of girls so you won't be unattended for too long!   The ladies are really friendly with girls and couples and very polite. We had a few girls approaching us girls and a few ladies approaching my husband (that was at the bar while we were near the stage), and as soon as he would point at us, they'd just turn their attention to us with enthusiasm instead of insisting on him.  Not all of them are great dancers but they're very interactive so it's still fun.  I had an amazing time with Parker, a blonde tatted up lady with a lot of personality and lap dance skills. She was awesome and super respectful, me and my friend got dances from her and the dances were just like WOW! Also she was hanging out with us for a while, holding conversations and not trying to just get our money - she's a must meet!   We will consider coming back for sure!
It's honestly the best gourmet hotdog in Vegas! I was a little lost when I came in but was quickly helped by a very friendly lady who explained me the different buns and what a few of the ingredients were. We ordered 4 dogs, being two wrapped bacon dogs; one house dog; and one elote dog without chili powder, and also garlic fries along with drinks.  The food came out pretty fast and OH MY GOD! I felt like I was in hot dog heaven! :) Everything was perfect and very, very tasty!  We were constantly checked on by one of the ladies which just made the whole experience better.  As for the place itself, it's s really cool place with lots of murals and the colors along with the decoration were very harmonious. The only one thing I didn't like much was the bathroom because it was a little too dark. I saw a baby changing station, which was great, but in a kinda dark place I think it would be a little uncomfortable to change a baby.  Still, it's a must try if you like gourmet hotdogs!
This is PARADISE! I've been here for a prenatal massage and was delighted with my experience.  They have a large menu with their services but since I'm pregnant, my options were a little limited - which was fine! This was one of the only spas that had no restrictions as far as how many weeks you can be to receive service. Well, I'm 37weeks so I was a little concerned but when I called to schedule I was told it wouldn't be a problem.  When I arrived I was rapidly assisted by the lady at the front desk who explained it to me how the spa works and showed me around. I was relieved to learn men and women have their own space. I was provided with a pair of flip-flops; a locker and a comfy robe.   They offer you a bath house, a room with 3 different tubs - if you're pregnant they will only advise you to use the one in the middle as it's not too hot and jets aren't too strong.  Clothing is optional, and I was glad since I forgot to bring a bikini, nobody seems to care or to be uncomfortable. They have towels everywhere, which is pretty convenient.  After spending some time relaxing I decided to snack on something before my massage, so I headed to the cozy waiting room and had some pretzels with iced tea. They offer fruits, juices, water, coffee, among other things. The staff is very punctual and I was called right on time! I chose the "Mother Nature" massage which was 80 minutes long. It was very relaxing and they have a special pillow to accommodate moms to be so you don't need to worry about the baby bump at all!   One thing I really enjoyed was that when you buy a service you're more than welcome to spend the whole day there if you want to. You can enjoy the saunas, the tubs, snacks. If you have to leave and want to come back later the same day it's also ok! On top of all they offer, their staff is great, very friendly and attentive.  I can't wait to go back and totally recommend you to go check it out!
We started coming to the store after having awful experience at a different location and my review is specifically about the employees. We are going through rough times with Kay and Neil Lane but the manager, assistant manager and one of the youngest employees have been phenomenal to us. We are dealing with an engagement ring that after a long and tiring experience has been finally on my finger for a couple of months, but unfortunately stones keep on falling off of it.  It has been very frustrating and of course I don't understand why this keeps on happening but the fact that they care enough to re-check all stones every time the ring comes back from their office and now are contemplating what the options are to solve our problem just make us feel better as in we are actually being assisted and something will be done about it.
Didn't get to play there but the overall experience wasn't really pleasant. As soon as we paid the  $30 for one hour we were informed we should be wearing a collar shirt at all times but they'd let us play today as it was our first day. We had to check in with staff to get my husband some clubs, the guy was a little rude..didnt care to be friendly or give us directions. They had no open space for us to play, they had a tournament going on and the person who charged us for the hour forgot to mention... I was excited to play here, since we are looking to get us memberships and we have been going to different golf courses  but it was just a waste of time. Not going back for sure.
I had Tara and Jennifer working on my hair and all I can say is that I'm really happy with the result and impressed with their knowledge. Everybody is friendly and the salon is very intimate.  I strongly recommend this place, specially if you want some color in your hair! I had brown hair and now I have a fab purple hair that's been getting a lot of compliments. For sure this is my place for hair from now on!
I was curious about this place for a little bit and waited for my family to be here to go - since they're from Barcelona.  It was simply amazing! The place itself is super cool, it's casual but full of decoration details that will catch your eyes.  They have live music on Fridays, it starts around 6:30pm, we obviously missed out on it but It was still a great experience. The gentleman and the lady who were taking care of us were absolutely wonderful! They were both very patient in explaining to me what each item was and they were great with my family members that don't speak English.   We did the all you can eat for $25,99 per person and the menu selection was really good. The order size is small so if you're really hungry order a couple of things at once. Food came out pretty quick and we tried almost everything on the menu, the flavors were just divine - just watch for the sauces as they can seem too spicy for some. Desert is included and I recommend the bread pudim, it was fresh and warm. We had a great time enjoying great food, I'm going back for sure!
This place is really cool! Staff is friendly and service provided is excellent! Vicky gives awesome manis! I'm extremely happy with the result!
I usually come here after 12am and I can't complaint about the service, I always get it on time and the people working are always friendly and polite. Also, if you ever have problems with any item they'll rapidly replace it for you. The only thing I hate is not being able to eat anything other than breakfast after 4am, that makes me drive to Jack in the box. In other countries, even during breakfast hours you can still order other regular hours menu items..
Best sushi place hands down!! We come here regularly and I just can't get enough of this place. Their costumer service is amazing, food always on point! They have a great all you can eat sushi with some pretty unique things. If you want to try something different, I highly recommend the dynamite, it is absolutely delicious!! They have a fabulous tuna carpaccio with thin slices of garlic. Also, they have a kids menu that can either be a la Carte or all you can eat, sweet! I just wish they wouldn't have a limit on the really good stuff but it's part of their deal.  It's a must go to place if you like sushi and appreciate all you can eat, you won't be disappointed!
I adopted a really skinny little pitbull mix girl, not too long ago. I came with my dog and as soon as I walked in I was greeted by a male staff who immediately walked me to the computer in order to identify the dog I wanted to see. It was one puppy off of a 6 puppies litter, he was already with a family so the man who was assisting me asked me if I wanted to see any other dog and patiently brought almost one by one the puppies from the same litter and allowed me to spend time with them and watch their interaction with my dog. I fell in love as soon as he brought me the last one I met, the one I adopted and after a while playing with her, when I looked around I realized I was the only person who was still there meeting a dog and still everybody was very courteous and helpful.  The adoption process is detailed but yet simple, they will make you questions to ensure everything is OK and that you're aware of all responsibilities and possibilities. The fee is not really high and they provide you with a started kit, with discounts for food packages and free things like a tag, which really helps! Also if you have any other doubts after the adoption they're still very helpful.
I've been to this place three times now and I'm really happy I found this store. Let me tell you this, the only con is the neighborhood...it is BAD, so if you're a girl and going there by yourself at night just don't.   Ok, back to the store. My husband came here to buy my very first vape, so he bought a simple yet cute decent vape, a Sub vod. They gave him a deal as he needed juice and even gave him a skull tip (which I absolutely love). We made it back on that same night to see more different flavor juices and I was amazed to see how attentive and nice they were being.  When I had a question regarding my juices, I called them on a different day and they were very helpful on the phone, explaining me all bout different quantities of nicotine on the juices (I was concerned that one of mine had nicotine when I don't want any).  So, my vape started leaking and we went back there a few days later to ask them what to do, this time I saw a lady and the same guy that sold us the vape. They were very understanding and right away substitute my coil that was burnt. To be on the safe side, because we live really far away, we decided to look for a second vape as I really enjoy vaping now and they gave us a really good deal on a Plato, the pink one I fell in love with since the first time I've been there! Also, I got one more skull tip on an appropriate sice for my new device.  I must say I'm thrilled and happy now I have my "pen" and a squared small one I can fit in any pocket/purse! Both in colors I like.   So I've read some reviews talking about bad costumer service and how they won't back you if you have a problem, keep in mind they're older reviews. So they obviously worked on their costumer service and are just amazing!  I'm a loyal client now! Going back for more juice for sure!
When I think about shopping in person for cute and vintage outfits I think Rockin' Bettie!  They have a great selection of clothes and accessories so it even makes it hard if you're trying to just buy a thing or two!  Amy, the owner is a SWEETHEART and always has a smile on her face, she's very attentive and will make you feel like you're home. She has a great team that is always ready to help and offer advice if you're unsure or ask for it. I came here a few times and always left happy wanting to come back again, for my hubby's concern.  Also, they have a set on the back to do photoshoots and I HIGLY recommend checking it out! It's not only the cutest but they offer packages that are worth your money!   *Just keep in mind the prices are plus taxes - which I only found out when it was time to pay and I paid it in cash, different from other places they will charge you taxes on the photoshoot package (which include hair and makeup, wardrobe, pose coaching..)!*  I worked with Angela (@stuntgirlphotography on IG) and she's fabulous!!! You will have a great time, laugh a whole lot and get great photos!
We worked with them while purchasing our new house and they were one of the companies we could use to do our flooring and cabinets.   First important thing, they only take appointments and no walk ins! Make sure you called ahead of time and schedule an appointment. They usually reserve a period of two hours for you so you can explore everything and have some assisting you and giving you their full undivided attention.  They have a good selection as far as flooring goes and their prices are pretty good. As for the carpet, cabinets and countertops, I wasn't impressed but they do have a decent selection, a little small.   If you have a two story house (+) I strongly recommend you to add their protection padding if you have pets or kids, it will protect all the wood under the carpet and won't let odors impregnate your house. It does work!  My only complaint about this company is regarding their costumer service and installation. They won't return calls, no matter how many messages you leave; they won't talk to you about sealing your grout (which a lot of new homeowners know nothing about) and when it was time to install the cabinets they messed up in one of our doors so now we will have to have them come out and fix it. Other than that, they're affordable and ok to work with.
We ordered a extra large cheese pizza, the lady whom we talked to was really nice and attentive. The only reason I'm giving them one stat is because I found a gray hair on my pizza..it was long enough to be seen thank god! I know accidents happen but I just can't consider ever eating anything from them again.
I'm in love with this place. I just started playing and my husband brought me here to hit some balls. The place is beautiful and clean. Bathroom is orgabized and very, very clean. Also I really like how staff is friendly and how they make you feel like you're VIP. They appreciate people dressing properly but they're a little more casual so they understand if you're not always wearing collar shirts.  We come here a few times a week to practice and it's a very affordable place. Also they have a few bays that are covered, which helps when it's 100 degrees.  They have a store full of cool items and they're not crazy expensive as some courses' stores, prices are fair. They have water available for you to drink or fill your bottle next to where you get the buckets. So far I only come here to practice, hit some balls but I already really like it here and we're considering getting us a membership, they have great deals for that!
Stay away, this is the worse place for you to buy a car!!! THEY SELL LEMONS! A few days ago we bought a MINI Cooper from Mitch, the price was a little higher but I fell in love with the car. We test drove it and my husband noticed the engine light was on and asked about it. Mitch said they would check it out and make sure everything was ok so we trusted him and put a deposit down to hold the car for 2 days before buying. We assumed they would really check the car and make sure it was ok before selling. NO. The day I bought the car, the very same day, driving out we notice smoke coming out as I was hitting the gas and my husband calmed me down saying it could be just condensed water as they washed the car. It wasn't. I barely drive the car so the second time driving, days later, the smoke is so bad I can't see the cars behind me and they all change lanes. I took the car back and they said they would look at it..the next day I pick it up and they said that the pvc valve had been replaced. We even talked to the manager and expressed our concerns and we were reassured that they would take care of it. Today it started smoking again... since they change the pvc part it actually smoked a few times when I started but today was awful...so I took it back.  I honestly don't feel safe in this car and would like to return it but according to the manager, Mani or whatever, who had a sarcastic smile on his face, the car is no longer theirs so they can try to fix it but that's it. The car is now OUR problem. Needless to say I'm extremly upset and keep on asking myself why the hell did I buy myself a car in a cheap ass place called reliable. RELIABLE WHERE????????  Don't put yourself in a similar position, do your research and go some place else..this is by far NON RELIABLE.
We left our puppy here for 2 weeks and she's extremely happy! I went to visit her before our second trip and she would run to me and to the girls at front desk! They send pictures everyday and for her it's being a great opportunity of socialization since she's just a puppy and just now started to play with other dogs. The staff is very responsible, they'll ask you to provide the papers with the shots and they're very friendly. I strongly recommend this place!
I have waited a little longer to review this place as I wanted to make sure it wasn't just a first good impression thing. I've been a client for a couple of months now and I get my hair done by Desiree. This lady is AMAZING! She kept my purple hair looking perfect for months, long lasting color and no damage! Now I decided to go pink and I confess I was scared to bleach as previously my hair was really damaged by a different professional... well, she nailed it! NO DAMAGE and the color just looks amazing..on top of it she gave me valuable advice on how to maintain my hair color and how to maintain it healthy. She's super fun and the place's environment too. Everyone is very friendly and welcoming, you will feel like you're home. The other lady working there seems to be as talented as Desiree is, it's totally worth it giving this place a shot!! And know this, they won't rip you off.
The place itself is really cool, full of positive words and advices on the wall that leads you to their counter, it is a clean and organized restaurant. They have plenty of options to choose from and their price is fair, combo here is worth it!  However, the one thing you need to be aware of is they offer you the possibility of building your own pizza but according with their portions of each ingredient. This means that if you're like me and love extra cheese or extra anything on your pizza, you will have a hard time here as they have their measurements and won't give you a little extra this or that. Aside from that they pizza tastes delicious.
This place is super cool!! Came in to get my hair and makeup done and was immediately greeted with a warm smile. The place itself is gorgeous and the decor is super cute, restroom is super clean and organized. Right when I got there I met Jen, the manager (owner?) who was super sweet introducing herself and made me feel super welcomed.  Before the ladies started working on me they asked me if I'd like to use the restroom, which may sound silly but it's a sign of attentiveness when you're pregnant and drinks lots and lots of fluids.  I had two ladies working on me, but thanks to my preggo brain I can't recall their names. The lady doing my make up looked like a doll and she gave me the most amazing lips I could have asked for! Lol Her skills totally transformed me from zombie to diva and I just couldn't get over how quick she works and how she never once hesitated while doing her thing! The other lady, working on my hair, was very friendly and talkative and I love it when you can engage in conversations instead of just sitting down bored. It makes it for a fun time! She did ask me a few times about ideas for my hair and I had none when I walked in, however by the time she was brushing out my hair I showed her a few pictures of something I figured would look cool and I feel like we had a hard time achieving part of it.  Overall it was a great experience and I'll for sure go back as soon as I have a chance! If you're downtown or looking for a stylish place to get hair, makeup or eyelashes extension done I totally recommend this place!
Hands down the best Italian restaurant! We came here because I've been craving pasta for days and I specifically wanted carbonara..which is not easy to find. So looking through their menu I had a few options that caught my eyes but I was still stuck with the carbonara cravings, lol. So we asked our very courteous lady named Ronda if it was possible for them to make me a carbonara anything and that it was ok if it was not possible. Yes! Shortly after I had in front of me the BEST and most flavoured carbonara dish on earth! It was perfect!!! My husband got himself something I cant remember the name but it was also amazing (Yes, I tried it!).  A few things I want to point out besides the amazing food are the amazing decoration, this place is very inviting and beautiful, I absolutely love the images on the wall and the lamps; the  ladies room, I have never seen a restroom so fancy in a restaurant, and clean!!!  Also, the staff, everybody is very friendly and attentive and the chef is the best! Ronda and him made our  visit special!  This place is a must go to for the pasta lovers!
They are awesome!!! I called Jason on Sunday to try and schedule something Monday (today) and was pretty sure it'd be impossible, but I was wrong. He got back to me super quick and was able to service my house. His price seemed fair but I honestly had no idea what to expect. He sent me two very polite ladies who made me feel like I already knew them, it wasn't awkard or anything being it was the first time I was seeing them, and they made me feel very relaxed. I must say that for someone who grew up with at least one maid in the house 6 days out of the week, I was excited but unsure of how it would go and these ladies totally impressed me! My house looks absolutely spotless!  They are very detail oriented and careful with your things, and also they are quiet but very friendly. With being pregnant and working double shifts it was really hard to keep the house in order. And also one thing I noticed was how much time I had free to actually spend with my husband who works 16/18h shifts and only has one day off! We are for sure keeping them coming back. A better clean saved me a lot of time and provided me with high quality service, I super recommend them!
I love this place! I've been here a couple of times looking for toys and harnesses for my dogs. I ended up feeling so welcome that I actually came here to help cleaning the cats room and pet them and the dogs. I spent hours here watching the dogs and learning a little more about the store. They're all people with huge Hearts who are saving a lot of animals and help them rehabilitate and find good homes. If you ever have a chance check this place out, be prepared to spend some time in here as people are very friendly and you will be allowed to spend time with the animals if you ask. Please keep in mind everybody working there are volunteering so not necessarily they will be the most amazing in customer service but they do have a lot of love and care for the animals and will help you out to the best of their abilities.
Wow!!! Went there yesterday to get my nostril piercing done and was assisted by Lani. It was such an amazing experience! She's a girl full of good energy and super smiley! We talked about the different types of jewelry and how the healing process is with each type. She showed me this stud that you actually screw the bottom of it inside of your nose and it amazed me as I wanted the stud (for its healing process tends to be easier and faster) but I was worried it'd be constantly getting caught on everything.  I was so excited to find out that now I don't have to worry about it getting caught and being pulled completely out of my nose! She talked me through the whole process as I was a little nervous and we both laughed at the end when my eyes watered so much it messed up my make up ;) I recommend anyone looking to get pierced to visit the shop and look for Lani, it's a VIP treatment! I'm probably coming back to have the other side done here soon!
Hands down the best company to work with if you want to improve your home and make the most out of it!  We worked with them while purchasing our very first house and they were just great! From the very first time we went to their office to when their guys came out to install and configure what we bought we had nothing but a great experience!   Price wise they're not the cheapest but they do a great job and you won't have to worry about seriously anything.  We got quiet a few things from them like Sonos, speakers throughout the house and the internet spot that will better distribute your signal (totally worth it).   We worked with Cory and he was very respectful and not pushy, he showed us a lot of things but when we told him exactly what we wanted he focused on it instead of trying to push more things into our loan.  I'm so happy with them and their service I have plans to add more things to our house here soon and will make sure to stick to Cory!
My favorite Brazilian restaurant here!! I'm Brazilian and since moving here I've tried a few places out but this one place is just perfection. They have everything a restaurant needs to have to be good, AMAZING food, a nice and cozy space and really friendly staff. You will feel home! So they have many options for appetizers, main meals, pizzas and deserts (and they have Guarana!). It's a must try if you want to try Brazilian food or if you're looking for a new restaurant!  We come here often for the sausage with onions (comes with white rice, beans, fries and a salad). You can also add fried eggs for really cheap. And for their brigadeiros! Highly recommend it!
By far the best stripclub I've been to in Vegas.  The club is not a huge place but it's extremely comfortable and it looks really nice, nice decoration and lighting. The club is very clean,  it has organized bathrooms, clean VIP rooms, chairs always in the right place.  You can drink alcohol while enjoying the fully nude ladies dancing.   They offer transportation service, which is really good, we used it twice and both drivers were really friendly and arrived shortly after we called. I've also used the valley service and the guy is really nice and fast. I've always been greeted nicely by the men who stand by the door, they were always polite when asking for Ids and when we had questions. The girls that work at the bar are awesome and they're always checking in on you, making sure you always have a drink when you want one, theyre super friendly and smiley. The drinks are good and have fair prices.  As for the dancers, I must say they are absolutely gorgeous. Some girls performances are breathtaking, specially those who are really good at pole dancing. They're creative and always wear cute outfits. Some of them could smile more tho and interact with the customers but if you approach them, they'll take good care of you. The only sad fact is most of them seem to be uncomfortable with couples, and girls. Understandable, and they're still nice if approached.  The only one thing I strongly dislike is that some girls have the tendency of approaching us by my husband. I've worked with customer service and aggressive sales for a long time and we were always advised to approach the lady when you're dealing with a couple, to avoid causing her to feel uncomfortable with you, I think they should consider doing the same.   I had a few lap dances from different ladies and they're all really sweet and sexy, they know what they're doing, and they will always wait for a song to start to give you the lap dance, they will be talking to you all the time - which made me feel very comfortable.  The VIP room I visited twice, my first time was a dream, the lady was great at listening to what I expected and she was just perfect! She was sitting with us for a while and explained me clearly about the rules when I decided to go upstairs.The second time, I was disappointed, this other girl was very attractive  but pushy and we ended up going upstairs but she told me different rules when we got upstairs, after we paid for her time and dances.  If you're a visitor or a local, this is a great place with both, great customer service and beautiful beautiful girls, I strongly recommend this place.
I had the great opportunity to recently work with Mira. I found her to be extremely knowledgeable, attentive and proactive. She has exceeded all of my expectations when it came to my real estate needs. I would highly recommend her and Stellar Real Estate without hesitation.
I come to this Dunkin Donuts because it's on my way to work, but about 1 out of every 3 times I go there, they mess my order up. Like REALLY mess it up. Sometimes they forget the sugar in my coffee, other times, they give me the wrong kind of bagel, and other times they forget the cream cheese on my bagel, even though I pay for it. Today, they gave me a bagel that looked like it had been dropped on the floor and stepped on.
I'm not giving this 1 star because their food is bad, because it's not. I'm giving them 1 star because, for the 3rd time, they have completely screwed my order up. It's 2:02pm, I ordered my pizza at 11:20am (almost 3 hours ago). My pizza is still "on its way" as it has been since the first time I called at 12:30. They have given me so many excuses, but unfortunately, I ordered pizza, not BS.   I spoke with their manager, he offered me 50% off, but I still don't think that 50% is any good. I was hungry when I ordered, but now, due to the length of time it takes them to deliver, I already ate, and frankly, I don't want the pizza anymore.   The sad part is, Mama Mia's pizza is amazingly good. It's their management that is terrible. I used to work at a pizza shop when I was younger, and we never would have let even an hour go by if someone was waiting on some food (let alone 3 hours). I normally order from Mama Mia's once or twice a week, and it usually takes them about an hour to deliver, which is fine. This is the 3rd time they've screwed up. Last time, they LITERALLY DID NOT CUT MY PIZZA. So, they basically delivered a huge pizza that we had to tear apart with our hands (we're bachelors, what can I say).  I will never order from them again, ever. I WAS a huge fan until now.
I typically eat Pizza Heaven via delivery, and it shows up to my house in about 20 minutes, which is ridiculously fast. Their pizza is amazing. Their salads are also amazing. Their wings are, you guessed it, amazing! They have several Vegan dishes, and they're very delicious.
This is one of my favorite smaller venues in downtown phoenix. The sound guy is a pro, and he is dedicated to making sure everything sounds perfect. The drinks are inexpensive. There's a nice patio outside with picnic tables if you're trying to escape loud music or have a private conversation. All in all, it's a great venue. A few people I know have had trouble finding it because it's on a weird split/one-way street, but if you use Google Maps, you'll find it without any problems.
Hands down the best tacos in town. Their guac is delicious too. The building used to be a church, so the vibe in there is super rad. Taco Guild is a great place to hang out with friends and eat great tacos.
I can't express enough how awesome this place is. Great beer (not expensive), friendly staff, and literally ALL of the classic arcade games from the 80's-90's. If you're looking for a good place to kill some time, this is the spot. On busy nights, you might have to wait in line to play some of the games.
I ordered the Stuffed Pork Chop.. and it was great. I ordered through postmates, so I can't really speak about the vibe or service. But the stuffed pork chop was great.  Will definitely try again.
The coolin out shop is awesome. I was there last week for an in-store performance from Abstract Rude, and it was amazing. Going back tonight for their rap cypher.
The owners of this place were super nice and welcoming the food was very good and authentic we tried the lamb sausage and eggs and also couscous w lamb everything was great. Five stars
I have a polaris quad and i needed to swap out the old tries for new ones i bought online, these guys did a good job and quick too. Definitely will recommend them to anyone
Great food with authentic flavor, had the chicken couscous which was awesome and my girlfriend had the fish tajine, we enjoyed the food very much and will come back soon for more.
Thanx for the good service guys!! Lost the keys to my jetta, called around and nobody was able to quote me on the phone except west valley, they gave me a good price and the locksmith came quickly and made me a key. Great service!
I ordered a rare ribeye steak and got an almost raw steak and not a lot of flavor, barely worth the $40 price tag
This place has spent more effort on tv screens than its food which was dry and tasteless. Total waste of time,Definitely not coming back.
I wish I could leave a review for the food but I never got that far.   Came in, was immediately seated and handed the menu. 20 minutes later still no waiter, no acknowledgment from any of the servers or anyone that works there. So we decided to leave, I'm all for being patient but  20 minutes with no acknowledgement REALLY?! Sorry, we were told happy new year on the way out. Did I mention the place was only at 60% capacity.   Thanks Osaka you really know how to treat your customers.
The food used to be fresh and tasty but ever since the new owners have taken over I've noticed the quality has gone down. The pho lacks flavor and the grilled pork no longer taste fresh as it used to.   There are other places in the area that seem to care about the quality they are serving. This place is no longer one of them.
I've been to this establishment a few times and always remembered the food being good.   This time, not so much. I had the 3 egg white and sirloin plus hash browns. The food was just okay. I expected the sirloin to come out crispy but it was more like they boiled the meat. The only thing that saved the meal was the caramelized onions.   All in all I won't be coming back. There are way better breakfast places to eat at. Try Snooze. There maybe a line but it'll be worth it.
Came here with the hubby last Sunday and was pleasantly surprised.   We ordered the beef salad which had all the right spices, the ratio of spicy, salty, and sour was delightful and tasted wonderful! The bits of lemongrass takes me back to my moms cooking when she makes Larb, a different dish but taste is very similar.   I had the red curry, which was just okay. Felt like they had way too much curry paste in it and wasn't diluted enough. I probably wouldn't order this again as I would want to try other things on the menu.   Hubby ordered the crispy garlic chicken. He really enjoyed this dish. It had just enough crunch but wasn't heavily drenched in flower like orange chicken. The sauce was a little too sweet for me but I enjoyed it as well.   Overall, I would come back and try other dishes. The menu and flavors seem authentic thus far. We also saw an older Asian lady working in the back, hopefully cooking the food so you know it's legit. LOL
The hubby and I was driving around town trying to figure out what to eat. We couldn't decide but came upon an old faithful, The Stand. I had already planned out my meal even before entering the establishment.   To my utter dismay and disappointment have recently learned that everything I planned on eating tonight were gone!!! All the tacos and corn, chips and salsa... gone from this location! Why?! Now I have to drive all the way to Scottsdale and Shea to enjoy those delicious tacos. After so many years of patronage this is how we're thanked...   The burgers are good but the likelihood I'll be back is very slim.
My fiance and I decided to come here for his birthday and boy am I happy we did!   Our waiter wasn't as attentive as I would have expected for this type of establishment but the rest of the wait staff did more than make up for it.   We thoroughly enjoyed our meals and the ambiance the restaurant sets. What we had:  - 2 extra dirty martini  - Crispy Shrimp  - Bone in rib eye - The smashed - Onion Strings   The only downfall was a crying baby but that  isn't the restaurants fault and the manager was so apologetic about it.   Overall, I would come back. I plan on coming back. Please don't change because everything was amazing.
He was amazing, my girlfriend and I came to Vegas and wanted to see a magic show, so we pretty much randomly picked one that worked for our schedule and we were not let down!! He brought her on stage and hypnotized her to the extent of her not even remembering how she got to the stage. Great show and great value. He was awesome!!
I loooove their coffee. i don't even go to starbucks anymore lol. The girls are also very friendly especially Cass (i believe that's her name)
We went to the drive thru and had to wait 20 mins to get our drinks. The line was long but yet they were taking their time making the drinks which maybe I wouldn't be upset but they didn't even get our drinks correct
Went in today for lunch and was told there would be a wait which I was ok with, but after i waited a long while I asked how much longer it would be and was told it was gonna be a little while longer cause they only had one stove working. It was ridiculous how long I had to wait and I barely even had enough time to taste it before I had to be back at work.
I went to pick up food from an order that I placed online. When we got there, this lady that appeared to maybe have been the manager pointed to the food sitting on the counter. When I went to go grab it she just put the bags on the counter and walked away so I had to call her back to get the cups which when she gave them to me she was rude about it. I gave it two stars cause the food was good though.
I just got my license today and Chet had me so well prepared that when I took the driving test I was calm and relaxed. He taught me exactly what I needed to know. His written study material is excellent. I passed my written test with no wrong answers. I was very nervous when I started driving, but Chet is very calm and supportive. He made me feel that I could handle everything. He's a wonderful teacher and a joy to spend time with. I will miss working with him. Helene Hensen
Bun bo hue is my fav dish! I have tried enough bun bo hue at so many restaurants and this one is the best. The soup was super yummy, it was not that oily like others yet it also got the right amount of spices. I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. And it was cleaned!! Will def come back and recommend friends!!!
My hubby got me a birthday cake from here yesterday. It was yummmy... we both enjoyed it. Ruelo is expensive but its worth it. This review is for Earl Grey Chocolate Mousse cake.
Loved Jets back when I lived in Michigan. This Jets isn't nearly as good. Hand tossed pizzas were a mix between too doughy on top and card board on the bottom. Topping amounts were sufficient. Delivery directions given to the person on the phone we clearly not transferred to the driver who needed a lot of assistance to find the park location we requested delivery to located on the south side of Mountain View, between 32nd and 36th street.
Worst service of any Starbucks I've ever been to. I never write negative reviews, but I have received awful customer service twice...same person...  When u run out of the sandwich I have a coupon for, why can't I use my coupon for a replacement sandwich? That's absurd and poor customer service that employees aren't either empowered to help or just plain too lazy to help. So disappointing!
Yay!  Good German food in Charlotte!  Traveling accordion player.  Attentive service.  Jagerschnitzel.  Pretzel rolls.  Need I say more?
Came in late afternoon, after lunch but before dinner.  As a single diner, it's interesting to see how good service is.  One person eats apps faster than a group of people, and usually, should be a priority when sending food out.  There was only another couple eating there and the decor was semi-formal, with five lovely chandeliers and red tablecloths on all tables.  Asian music was playing in the background, something I really enjoyed.  (I feel like ethnically appropriate music enhances the dining experience.)    The service was great and the staff friendly.  My water glass was never empty, and the waiter was attentive and prompt.  Courses came out in a timely manner, and by the time the main course was served (lemongrass curry with shrimp and potatoes), I was stuffed on spring rolls, both fresh and fried.  The shrimp were large and thoroughly deveined, (something I'm picky about), and perfectly cooked and tender.  The portions were large, and I had plenty leftover for lunch today.    A great experience, can't wait to go back.
Now I'm not a frozen yogurt fan generally speaking, but happened one day to come here with some friends.  It is so clean and happy and inviting, and seriously, the logo is so damned cute.  They have dairy-free, and sugar-free options, and tons of toppings.  Also, the people who work there are always friendly and helpful.  If you get the rewards card and sign up for emails, they have frequent specials to help you fund your new addiction.
Food was amazing!   Service was attentive!  Love it!  They accommodated my GF/CF dietary restrictions.  Nicely crafted cocktails.  We had bacon tomato soup.  It was so delicious.  Then I had jalapeno hummus with corn chips (cuz I couldn't eat the bread) The pickled watermelon salad was so good!  But the pork belly....I could wax poetic for years about the pork belly.  I couldn't leave until I stuffed every last morsel in my mouth!  It was legit.  Melt in your mouth.  Can't wait to go back!
So happy to find Patel Brothers here.  As a devotee of Patel Brothers in NY, I was overjoyed to see a location in my new town.   Because I am gluten-free, it can be challenging to find inexpensive gluten-free items.  Also, I just love Indian and ethnic food.  I get my coconut, sorghum, chickpea, and rice flour from here, as well as various nuts and dried fruits.  Spices are inexpensive and can be bought in bulk.    I typically do not buy prepared foods, produce, or snacks from here, so cannot comment on the quality of those items.  Most of the items I buy are high-turnover staples, so I don't worry too much about time on the shelf.    Indian produce can be found at the Charlotte Regional Farmer's Market, so if I need something I usually find it there.  Highly recommended :D
New to Charlotte.  I think that makes a difference in how you feel about this event.  I thought it was OK.  There were corporate sponsors mixed in with local restaurants, and the coins to purchase food with were a bit pricey, and there was a huge crowd, and it was hot, but this is comparable with most events of this type.  I liked that I was able to sample a bunch of restaurants with relatively little investment and research and talk to lots of people since I just relocated here.  I don't know if I'd go again next year, but it was definitely a good choice at the time.  Some of the lines for meat-based dishes were expectedly long (like bacon-wrapped steak) , but overall,  I didn't have to wait too long for anything I wanted.  I did like seeing local performers doing belly dancing, capoeira, and aerial dance.  This gave me a better sense of the kinds of activities that are available here. Your mileage may vary, but if you want a general sense of what's in Charlotte,  I think it's worth a few hours.
I love this place!  Saturdays are definitely the best day to come.  There is local wine, meat, cheese, eggs, honey, fruits, and vegetables.  There are also a few bakeries which sell bread and/or pastries, and empandas, biscuits, and other yummy stuff.  If you're hungry when shopping, there's fresh kettle corn, donuts, and bratwurst sandwiches.  The plant section has wonderful herbs, shrubs, succulents, fruit trees and vegetable starts in season.  If you want locally crafted items, the craft barn has interesting and unique woodwork, jewelry, and hand-sewn items.  I find most of the vendors to be friendly and happy to share information about their products and operations.   In addition to local produce, there are also vendors who sell reduced price supermarket produce, if you choose to buy imported/domestic produce from regions other than our immediate surroundings.  Hands down my fave farmers market in Charlotte.  If you're going, know there is no ATM there, so stop and get cash before you come.  Many vendors accept plastic, but there are a few who do not.
New to Charlotte.  Came here after work one Friday for much needed drinks!  Initially, I thought the bar staff had too much attitude for my taste, but we were blessed with a super friendly server who made up for my initial reaction.  Being dairy and gluten-free, it's sometimes hard to find things to eat on the menu, but I was super excited to find potato-crusted tilapia to satisfy the fried fish craving I had been having all day.  Along with waffle fries, it felt great to participate in a booze and fried food fest.  I'm totally in love with the drink menu.  I had a delicious spicy hot ginger spiced rum concoction, and have begun a quest to try every drink on the menu.  Service was quick, and to be fair my group was pretty rowdy, and though we may have been slightly disruptive to other patrons, (sorry, people), it was never an issue.  Hoping to make this a habit :)
I met some friends here, and I suppose my rating is a bit low, since I am not a beer drinker.  There wasn't much else offered to drink besides beer, and for a German themed menu, not to offer Riesling or some other light German wine seemed weird to me.  There is no other alcohol here besides beer and wine.  So I settled on soda, which had no ice.  It appeared  there is no ice machine.  The menu was limited, and was hard for me to order, since I'm gluten free.  I gave it three stars, since I've been to many restaurants where not drinking beer and being gluten-free is not a death sentence for my appetite.  If they expanded their menu slightly and offered a small variety of other alcoholic drinks besides beer, I'd go back.
So this review is for food only.  My house mom (long story) brought me back some take-out from here, and from my first bite of rib, I wanted to cry from sheer joy.  These were the most incredible dry-rub ribs ever!  The rub was moderately spicy, and had a nice burn, the meat was tender, almost falling off the bone, just the way I like it.  Cole slaw was good.  I'm dairy and gluten free and bbq is definitely one of those things that is easy to do GF/CF.  Can't wait to go there in person!
Well, I moved down here from NY august 2013 and had a hard time trusting any mechanic I spoke to over the phone or in person. That is until I met Andrew. I have to say he's awesome!  He fixed my '88 F150  truck so it was running again.  Friendly service, friendly dog :D, he's my go-to guy now.  So happy to have found him.  Thanks Andrew.  I'm sure I'll be in soon.  An old truck is never really fixed, lol!
Just went there once, but the food was great.  I had pulled pork on a baked potato, and it was tender and moist with lots of flavor.  Because I'm gluten and casein free, sometimes it's hard to find things to eat, but the waitress was super friendly and checked on ingredients happily for me from the kitchen staff.  Peach sangria was heavenly.  Definitely am going back.  Pretty good for a chain.
I was so excited to find a diner that was open late hours and serving real diner food.  Unfortunately, there were too many things about this place that I didn't enjoy that I most likely won't go back unless I'm with a group and I lose the vote.    Upon entering during a busy weekday morning, we were seated pretty quickly, but the hostess and people behind the counter did not appear friendly.  Our server was nice, and the orders came out after a wait, but the food was not great, and expensive for diner food.  I am used to breakfast bills coming in under $20, but not here.  Music was playing loudly at 8 AM and it was hard to have a conversation with someone.  I really wanted to like this place, but wasn't impressed.
Aaaahhhh, Amelie's.  There is no other place in Charlotte that reminds me more of home (NYC) than Amelie's.  It has an old-school East Village flair with bohemian decor and fabulous pastries.  The line is out the door most times I go, and I always plan on waiting for at least 10 minutes before I can place my order.  They even have some gluten free options!  Coffee is good, and service is pretty fast considering there's always a ton of people there.  When I am in the 'hood, we always stop for some pastries.  Definitely recommended, if you don't mind crowds and waiting a bit.
Our waitress was Joy which was certainly a true Joy to have. Food was Delish and Service was Priceless. We are from Chicago and truly appreciate good service. The Manager was very delightful as well.
The customer service was Excellent. We are from Chicago and the service was the Best.  The Food was very good also.
The ambiance is really nice, didn't wait long for a table. Once our party arrived a waitress came right over to take drink and app orders, but seemed rushed and didn't really wait for everyone to answer when she asked if anyone wanted drinks.  Apps came quickly but one was missing. Everyone had finished theirs by the time the last one came and we had to ask about it twice.  The waitress seemed rushed again taking our main orders. All arrived together and correct.  Food was delicious, everyone was happy. I had the Mongolian beef, with fried rice and a side of cucumbers. Was all great, super flavourful.  Desserts were yummy too, I had the chocolate wontons. Not too sweet, and can order small plate (2) or large (4) which I like, because sometimes a large portion of dessert is just too much.  The cirque came promptly and it was very affordable.
This place has been disappointing us lately. The food quality is still phenomenal, I'd like to say that right off the bat, but they have changed the portions. The Pitmaster's Choice used to be enormous,for around $60. We always had leftover food for the next day. Now they have 2 sizes. For $40, feed 2, and for 4-5 people (which would have been their usual size before) it's now $90. Not to mention they do not take phone orders and it takes half an hour to receive your food when you order in the store. We also called last week and they had run out of food and said not to bother coming in.   Again, excellent food, we're never disappointed in the quality. Just their business standards lately.
http://everythingmtl.com/index.php/2016/04/06/amir-hummus-may-not-be-up-to-standards/  Food stored outdoors, in the open, in an alley
We had a tree branch fall on the power lines going into our house last night. We didn't realize the extent of the damage, and our power went out, so when Hydro showed up, they told us we needed an electrician in to repair the connectors before hydro could reattach the wires.  We called one place before Electrika, and they had no one available to come today, but recommended Electrika. I called them and they gave me a window of 5pm-7pm. Then we got a call saying they would be early. They arrived around 3pm.  They were on the pricier side, which was expected because it was an emergency, but they were incredibly helpful, gave us a break where they could and did a great job. They called Hydro for us when they were done, and the power was back on shortly after. Expensive accident, but very happy with the service we received on such short notice.
Absolute favourite place to eat. Fun, great food. The staff are always on the ball, listening to each table to see what they want. You say to your dinner party "ooh, I'd really like some more...." Bam! It's at your table a minute later. Love this place!
So satisfied with our meal this evening. Pitmaster board, salmon and chicken/ribs, mac and cheese and bacon sprouts. All amazing. The staff were pleasant and helpful, most accommodating. Will be going again, no doubt.
Staff are courteous and pleasant. I had the fried chicken poutine and it was delicious, but a bit light on the sauce. The fries at the bottom of the plate were dry. Ask for extra sauce.
We have used GKC for a few months. 3 hours every 2 weeks. We have been nothing but satisfied with the service. The products are great, the woman who comes Is always on time and gets everything done in the 3 hours.
Normally I enjoy ordering from here, however this particular evening, it took an hour and a half to deliver, my food was cold, and parts of it burned, and they forgot my salads, which is where they put the little dish of tzatziki in, so I had to eat dry, burned chicken.  On top of that, it took an hour for them to deliver the salads again.  After paying $35.00 for 2 meals, and a good tip to the idiot delivery guy, not impressed. And on top of all that, no one at the restaurant apologized, neither did the delivery guy. Really disappointing.
We attended a birthday party of about 40 people here. We were prepared to wait a little while for food given the size of the event, so that was fine, took about an hour after ordering to get our meals (once people who had ordered appetizers had eaten) My boyfriend ordered fettuccine Alfredo with chicken, and it was bland and had the consistency of paste. He asked for extra chicken in it and received about 4 morsels total. I ordered chicken parmigiana, with a side of spaghetti. The sauce was very acidic, and the potion of spaghetti was less than a tin of chef Boyardee. And my chicken, while a decent size, was burned to a crisp. Didn't bother sending it back as I didn't want to wait another hour.  Was not impressed.
A group of 4 of us went here in search of biscuits. Having recently been in the US, my companions had their fill of biscuits and fried chicken and were hungry for more, but it's not a popular cuisine in Montreal. A quick Yelp search brought me to Triple Crown. We were not disappointed. Awesome service, great ambiance. Small dining room, tasty margaritas. The menu was simple, pick your meat, pick your sides. Generous portions. The chicken was crispy and delish. The mash creamy, the mac and cheese cheesy, gravy thick, and the biscuits... oh the biscuits. "A cat's head" she told us, in response to the "how big are they" question. The chef, an expert, makes hundreds and hundreds a week, by hand. Buttery to the smell and to the taste. So good one of my group put one in her purse to take home.  Will definitely be visiting again!
Boyfriend and I saw this restaurant on MTL Blog's list of 101 Restaurants You Should Eat At Before you Die. Personally, I don't know that it should have made the list. The food for the most part was OK, their brisket was slightly dry, fries were good, pulled pork was alright, chicken, I have to say was juicy, and the fried mac'n'cheese was pretty damn delicious. Wasn't a fan of the coleslaw or the greens. Small place, giving a quaint feel, staff was great. Price point wasn't bad. Hated that they give plastic cutlery. Very difficult to cut away chicken with plastic.  All in all, not bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it again.
Went for breakfast today with the boyfriend and mother. We had the Full English Breakfast, myself and my boyfriend with english muffins and my mother with crumpets, and to start, both the muffins and crumpets were store bought, same as we can get at the grocery store.  Next, the portions were tiny. We've had much more food at other places, 1 small sausage, the tiniest piece of ham you could possibly imagine, as if they took a thin slice, cut it in to 4 pieces and serve one quarter of it per plate, and a small piece of slab bacon that was mostly fat (which my boyfriend didn't even get on his plate). He enjoyed the blood pudding, the fried tomatoes were not fried, and there were maybe 6 tiny mushrooms on the plate. The eggs were small and flat and bland, and the beans were sitting in a bowl of molasses. And the potatoes were COVERED in large pieces of garlic, which the English have never used as far as I know. My mother Hates garlic. All in all, Not impressed whatsoever by this $13 dish. I've spent less at La Belle Province and been far more satisfied.  And this is not a very English breakfast, my mother is English and we've had breakfast in England. This was insulting.
I live in the area, and this restaurant has been a frequent spot for a few years. My mother and I liked to get together here during the week for dinner, or on weekends for breakfast.   Yesterday, we walked over for breakfast. It started alright, sat down, got water and menus. We had to ask for the breakfast menu. We ordered, eggs, bacon, sausage, beans. The waitress forgot one of our coffees, we had to ask for that again.   The meal came, it was alright. Surprisingly large portion of old, over cooked bacon, eggs that looked old, but we did not expect much.   As I take a fork-full of beans, and begin to chew, I suddenly bite down on something very hard. I take it out of my mouth, and it was a rock. Unmistakeable. It was small and grey and sharp and hard. The kind that you might see on a gravel road.   I call the waitress over, and advise her that I found a rock in my food. She doesn't seem shocked. She just took it in the back to advise the cooks. She came back out, took a payment from another client before coming back to my table, and when she came back, she said "Sorry, but we order the beans from a company, they come to us like that, not our fault" and asked if I wanted something in it's place. I said no, because I was pretty off my meal at that point. I picked at the fruit on the plate and some potatoes for the rest of the meal.   The bill came, and there was no discount, no complimentary anything... Just handed me a full bill. Not in the mood for an argument, I paid and left immediately.   I will not be returning here ever again.
Our day started off very nicely. Service was great, we felt like we were in for a great boozy brunch. We had the bottomless mimosas, and food, 6 of us total.  After the food was served, service got dramatically worse and worse. It took longer each time to get a refill on our mimosas, the longest we waited being 35 minutes after we specifically asked for a refill (to which the waitress replied "when I get to it". Meanwhile we watched the waitress dance, take shots, and play with a kinder surprise egg with other customers. Then we finally get champagne poured. But no orange juice. Waiting another 10 minutes for the orange juice, then over 20 minutes just to get our bill. Poor service, poor attitude. I understand when a place is busy and under staffed, but a little courtesy goes a long way. The table next to us (table of 3) realized that gratuity was added as a service fee on their bill (it was not on any of our bills) and had to argue to get it removed.  Food was nothing special and they don't do substitutions (switch ham for bacon, etc). The Rosewood Famous breakfast was 2 over cooked eggs, 1 small sausage, 2 strips of bacon, a small square of ham, and the most over peppered handful of potatoes I've ever had, with 3 small slices of fruit, for $14. Don't waste your money.
A group of us stayed here over the weekend for a wedding. The landscape is beautiful, the hotel is very clean and welcoming. The staff are friendly and pleasant. We were very happy. Excellent for an event or just to get away.
My boyfriend and I had been wanting to try this place for quite sometime once we heard about it, so last night, for our anniversary, we decided to go. Had a 6pm reservation, as we were seeing a movie at 7:40pm.  The restaurant was not busy at all at this time, yet we were seated in a long booth connected to where a family of 5 were sitting, so we were directly next to them, almost touching elbows, when there were about 30 other tables available in that section. On top of that, we were by a window and the sun was right in my boyfriend's face. So we asked to change seats. We got our new table, much better, but it took another 25 minutes for a waitress to come see us. We asked to try the samplers of beer, advertised at 4 x 4 oz beers for $8.00. We were told that they don't do that in the evenings on weekends.  We ordered our pints and food. Pork in pastry appetizer to share, $13 for 3 small pastry, not even 4 so each person can have 2. Then the meal, I had fish and chips which was bland and tasteless, and wild boar ribs were not wild, did not have a gamey taste or texture.  On top of all this, the appetizer plates that were on the table were filthy. All in all, not a great experience at all. Will not be back.
I gave this place 3 stars simply because of this evening. Usually I enjoy Scotyz for dinner, I've had many nights with a table full of finger food and beer. However lately it seems something has changed. Maybe the cook? The menu got smaller with some staple missing, like the Scotyz platter. The prices are higher. Last Friday I ordered a club sandwich. It was terribly constructed and fell apart, and the fries on the side were cold. Tonight it was a chicken burger (which was good) and a poutine as a side. Sadly, the poutine had actual mouldy cheese on it. The waitress (Natasha) was fantastic about it, she immediately took it back and replaced it with waffle fries, however it was really disappointing and gross that they actually served mouldy cheese.  The quality has gone way down and is not the standard for them. Their food was always great, beer affordable. Very sad about this.
I had high hopes for Orlando's they had such postive reviews. I took my 2010 nissan Altima coupe in to get repaired. I got side swiped on the whole passenger side of my car. So since I had some money saved up. I thought they could repair the damages and do a custom paint job for my whole entire car. It would be a metallic with a pearl in it. They did a good job at taking it apart and doing the body work and putting on aftermarket grill. I picked up my car on a Saturday Jason was off and it was only nicolle. I went with my friend when we left he said you can see blotchy spots on the car. So I waited til Monday to talk to Jason. I brought my friend with me who told Jason you can do a metallic with a pearl. Then Jason said you could. But prior to that he Jason told me you couldnt. I asked him what he could do to fix it. He came back and told me it would be ridiculous to repaint my whole car. Jason even said he say it was blotchy in the paint booth. If he saw it why not fix it. I think they are just used to doing insurance work and not experienced in Doing custom paint jobs. Whats funny that what they say on there business cards custom paint jobs. So I left and took it to a custom painter. He said it wasn't bad. But you can see that it is blotchy. I was very disappointed. So the next day I called the owner shane Jason brother. Told him I wasnt satisfied with the paint job. He told   me he wasn't going to repaint my car. Then started to tell me that he has painted over 1500 cars.  He even told me Bugz custom painter who is one of the best. Wouldnt have done as good job as they did. I could tell you this I know bugz and he would of done alot better then these clowns. It wouldn't have been blotchy. My friend wanted to get work done by orlandos after seeing my car he was like nope. Now I'm going to have to have bugz repaint it. I regret taking it to them. I should of waited for bugz. I got impatient and wanted it to get done right away. Oh yeah when I got my car back the pockets behind my seats where hanging. they broke the clips. When I called to tell Jason he was like why would we do that. I was like idk. Probably in a hurry. Then they didnt hook up my module to my door. So I took it took audio shop to have them fix it. The audio shop  even told me my car is blotchy. I didnt tell him anything. That is pretty embarrassing. So if your getting your whole car painted or custom paint job I recommend you not going to orlandos.
I coordinated a corporate event in the Papago room recently. Thanks to Jennifer and Jose, the event was seem less. Every request and concern I had was taken care of in a highly professional manner. I look forward to working with them again.
I enjoyed breakfast with my husband this morning and will definitely be back! We loved the location and the early opening (6:30am) on a Sunday. The cozy patio was perfect for outside dining especially since the dining room was a bit too cold first thing in the morning.  I had the Yogurt, fruit and granola bowl and it was great. The granola was made in-house and was delicious, however the muffin served room temp was forgettable. My husband had the Frittata had he enjoyed it but did say it was a bit overcooked. The portions are generous and the service is outstanding. Our server was Lauren B and she was perfect! My husband already passed on the good review to his dad.
Went here during lunch with my boyfriend and there was virtually no one in the restaurant. After waiting a while for our food, when it finally came out, it was given to another couple who came in after us and just so happened to order the same thing. We had to wait even longer for food to come out again, but our waitress did give us a free dessert for the problems. The food tasted really good, I had the pot pie and my boyfriend had the shepards pie.   Why did i give this place such a low score? Two words: Food Poisoning.   A while later that day my stomach started turning and so did my boyfriends. We shared both dishes, so I can't say if it was one or the other or both dishes. If you're feeling lucky, go ahead and take your chances, but in Vegas, most people don't get lucky.
This place was AMAZING! My coworker recommended it, and she was right to. I went with my boyfriend and I got the pork tacos and he got the pork carnitas. Both dishes were amazing and their chips and dip weren't bad either. I would definitely go there again, especially considering how much we both love Mexican food.
My boyfriend really wanted to go here because of he thought the theme was cool and that it would be fun. Well it turned out to be the opposite. Yes it was funny to sit in a hospital gown, but unless you were there for jello shots and hard core drinking, the waitresses wouldn't pay any attention to you. It took us 15 minutes to get our drink order and then longer to get our actual order. I just got a single burger and fries and let me tell you after eating that "food" i wanted to vomit.   The fries were rock hard and not good at all for something fried in lard. The burger might have been okay if the chili wasn't on it because it tasted like powdered chili (aka vomit). Definitely not quality food and they make their money off the atmosphere. I couldn't  even finish my food, so my boyfriend had so shove it down so I didn't get spanked. But we COULD NOT finish those gross fries. Didn't get a spanking because it was clear how upset we were. As the slow service theme continued to get our check, we walked out of there with that burger sitting in our stomach's for hours.
Great food! I like the General Tso's chicken because it isn't as sweet as other places. I order the sauce on the side, so the chicken won't be entirely drenched in the sauce. It's just my preference. Good fried rice and excellent chicken and broccoli.   You have to order the white meat General Tso's when you come here. It's the best thing on their menu.
Pretty good. I liked that I could sit with the large window open and enjoy the fresh air.  I got a bagel and home fries, they were both good. I am from NJ so I am constantly searching for better bagels near Pitt. I would say this is probably my favorite spot to get a bagel that is walking distance from school. Would recommend if you are looking for a cheap breakfast or brunch.
Loved Mallorca. The food is AMAZING! Cannot go wrong with it. The service was good and there are so many specials.  I got paella and loved it. I also had leftovers for 3 days, too. The place is pretty dressy and would recommend that you look nice. It gets very crowded and you NEED reservations to get seated.   Go here for Spanish/Portuguese food and you will not be disappointed.
My boyfriend and I are on a quest to find the best pizza in Pittsburgh, as we are from jersey and need our pizza fix! So far, this has been the best spot we have found in the burgh. The service was quick. The employees were really nice! And they sold pizza by the slice which can be pretty hard to come by! We got 4 plain slices and two sodas for 9 dollars which we felt was pretty cheap.  The pizza is thin crust with lots of cheese. We will definitely be back here soon and I highly recommend you try it!
Went to dive around 10 pm on a Saturday night. It was half off apps and I got a chicken parm sandwich. The food was really good! Recommend the zucchini fries and pretzel sticks for an app!   I only deducted a star because the service was quite slow. I waited around 20 minutes for apps and another 20 for food.   Atmosphere was good. Pretty loud because it was a bar which was just what I expected! I would recommend this place for dinner or lunch.
If you've never been here you are missing out.  Get a burger, get a shake.  You won't regret the decision.  BUT! Get the NoWait app because you will wait for an hour to an hour and a half if you don't on the weekends.
Came here for my first time ever tanning and they were extremely polite and helpful when I was picking my package. It was always clean and welcoming. They also provide eyebrow and upper lip waxing services, which most people do not know about. I was satisfied with my wax there and would recommend it for a close spot on campus.
I called at 9am and asked for a 6:30pm appointment and they took me. Ricky was the nicest man ever and really cared about my nails. The place that I used to go to didn't care and always rushed me out; in turn, my nails were ruined underneath. He took off every nail and redid my set. I asked for short natural looking nails and he did a perfect job. Didn't rush me out at all and I finally found a new spot!!
I go on fridays. Always get the half off big azz marg frozen and always leave happy. I personally love the wingorito burrito and the servers are always on point. If you go after 11 for half off, you'll wait in a line. Other than that, it's a good place to go and jag out with friends.
Went here on a whim with my boyfriend. We are Pitt students and wanted to go somewhere new. This place was perfect. It's pretty hipster and small but the ambiance was fun and relaxed.  Our waitress was so sweet and helpful. I got glass noodles with chicken and boyfriend got chicken teriyaki. They were both so good! I will definitely be back to this Thai spot. It was my first time going to a Thai place and I am nothing but pleased.  Dinner for two was 26 dollars too so it's very inexpensive, which was perfect for two college students.   Highly recommend!
As a jersey girl I am always looking for good pizza in Pittsburgh! I originally intended to go to Stone by the point but no one was there so I checked the next place on yelp which was this place and decided to go here with my boyfriend instead! It was a Tuesday night and the place had some people but the waiter was very quick and nice.   The pizza was amazing!! Got a margherita and a Bianca pie and split both. Bianca was excellent and the other one was just a step below. Absolutely loved this place and will come back. The pizza is a little pricey but definitely worth it!
Literally the best doughnuts, ever. I have now lived in NJ, Philly, Boston, and Pittsburgh and would keep going back to Better Maid if there was one in every location. Please go. Do it for yourself.
Stack'd is the exact type of place that I love to grab dinner and drinks with my friends. I have tried many items on the menu and I am never let down. My personal favorite appetizer is the pretzel twist and the fried perogies. For my main meal, I either get a burger or a chicken breast wrap and get to change it up with whatever toppings I can think of.. Plus the curly fries of course. Me and my friends have gone at 9pm for Half off Burgers on Tuesday often, and many of them never miss it. The food is always exactly how I asked for it and I have never been disappointed by any experience here, which is why I always come back. The atmosphere is awesome and the people are great.
I went here for some authentic Mexican food and definitely got it. This looks like a hole in the wall type place. byob which is good for the drinkers!   The service was not great. The person who served and took my order could not speak English and was so confused when I placed my order. Then gave me the wrong side.   The food was good but nothing to go crazy about for me. I got a tamale and I enjoyed it! It's just that I am not craving to go back like I usually am.   Recommend for Mexican food.
The line is always long on Saturdays and Sundays from 10-12. So expect to wait just a little while if you want to go on those days. I would say that the food is okay, although I have had better. The service is so quick, which is really nice when I am hungry in the morning. I should order something that they are known for in order to give them a better rating.
Harris Grill is very yummy. I frequented there for awhile! The menu will make you laugh and the options are pretty good. Typical bar food and REALLY good Mac and cheese. Best for late night and dinner. I was not impressed by the brunch buffet and they don't serve lunch. Would only go for dinner.
Been itching to try this place out for a long time now but I always have a huge party and waited too late to make the reservation.  This place is small and pretty tight but since we had a larger party, we got a private room! It's dimly lit and very hipster.  We got fries and wings as appetizers and they were both amazing. Wings weren't too hot and I've never had better fries in my life! I personally got the three little piggy sandwich and it was the best out of everyone else's meal. It's more like a yummy breakfast sandwich with s runny egg, thick cut bacon, and ham. It also came with fries. I loved it! The others at my table got a variety of different items. Two people got the shortbreads and two others got sandwiches. Everything looked amazing. If I were in the mood for this type of food, I would go back!
First time here and I loved it! I left planning my next visit. The wait seemed long, but it only took about 20 minutes. Don't come here to dine and catch up with friends because the food comes out very quickly and they are constantly having people in and out. I expected that and that was exactly what I wanted. I think I was there for 20 to 30 minutes.  I expect that everything there is amazing and can't wait to try french toast.   Definitely go here if you are looking for GOOD, cheap food and quick service!
Love love love this place! Especially the pizza. I have actually made special trips to get their pizza before. The pastries are good too, but I haven't had the chance to buy them all. I have added this to my weekly weekend trip and I am so happy that I finally found it.
Cheap, delicious, quick sushi. Can't go wrong. Has a great atmosphere and the service is always awesome! Highly recommend this place for some good sushi in Oakland.
Went here for lunch because I wanted to do something other than the regular primantis or burgatory. I got a hot turkey sandwich and the bread is incredible (from mancinis). I actually ended up going back the next weekend.   For some reason the first time that I went there was an onion type thing going on in the air and my eyes were burning but the second time that didn't happen.
Was a regular here, but never felt like I was treated like one. I had a bad experience when someone painted my nails over 4 coats, so they didnt dry in over an hour and I had to go back to get them repainted. That was fine, and I kept going back until the last time. I got my nails done and left with a bloody pinky finger and half decent nails, with no apology for the cut that was clearly bleeding. To be honest, the young woman who works there is attentive and way better than anyone else, which is why she is always booked with appointments. The older man is nice, but he watches tv the whole time he does nails and I never leave satisfied. I just couldnt keep paying money to an establishment that never seemed to care. I wouldnt recommend this place to a friend.
Love this place and the coffee is so good! I don't usually care for being a coffee snob but I honestly can drink it black because it's so good. Expected prices to be too high for me but they are really fair. Medium coffee is $2 and lattes are $3-4. It's also great to support the new business. Highly recommend trying this out and supporting the local business.
It's sad that I have to leave an upgraded review for this place and knock it down three stars. Just to start, this has nothing to do with the food. I still recommend getting the homefries if you go here, but I knocked the stars because of the service.  Upon arrival at 1:22pm (closes at 2, so I figured it wouldn't be a big deal) I felt unwelcomed by the hostess who was hesitant to seat me. I got over it and was happy to be seated but felt rushed to order. After my food came out she asked if I wanted anything and I asked for ketchup, after waiting 5 minutes she still never brought it out so I just ate without it.  While I was eating, they were closing down the shop, wiping and spraying all of the tables (around 1:40pm), and organizing the silverware for the next day at the table across from me. The only thing I wanted to do was leave! The waitress was nice to me, but she and the others were extremely inconsiderate of the guests in the restaurant (2 other couples). I will never return here just because of this experience. If you close at 2, that's when you start wiping down tables and stop seating people.
Good brick oven pizza. The personal size is perfect. It is satisfying and you still have room for the delicious gelato afterwards, which is a must get. I usually get the Margherita pizza and it is very good every time. they have the brick oven right there so you can watch them cook it.  All in all, my boyfriend and I like it and came to the conclusion that it is a good place when you are looking for restaurant pizza, but not just a pizza joint. A little bit less casual than a pizza joint.   Still good food though and I recommend it to people often.
This could possibly be one of the worst experiences I have EVER had.  First, I buy a groupon that clearly states that I can  have an apprx 2 hr appt with any length of lash that I desire.  Sounds great! I call to make my appt and ask a few questions about the service.. No one answers ... EVER... Just a crappy voicemail telling me to book online.  The online site would not let me book my appointment so again I try calling... Still no one answers.  So I decide to email to book my appt.  I get a response telling me she is out for the week and she can't help me.  I'm so frustrated at this point but since I've already purchased the groupon I decide to wait a week and try calling again... This time someone answers... I asked about having a more dramatic look- that's what I like.  She told me no that I would have to pay more and that the groupon would only get me an hour.  She was rude and did not care what I desired...I decided since I had been through so much crap already I would just book the appt anyway. So my appt  was at 10 am. I called about 15 mins prior from my husbands phone ( my phone was being fixed) bc the address on the site is incorrect and I was having a hard time finding the place... No answer... I ended up finding it on my own and I walk in to 3 women sitting around, no one greeted me.  I see one woman walk to the back so I ask the other girl if there's someone that does eyelashes... Turns out it was the girl that just walked away.  I walk to the back to tell her who I am and when I do she says " oh well I see you were calling me from two different numbers, that's annoying".  First of all, it doesn't matter what number I call from... I can call from a frikn pay phone if I feel like it! Maybe you should answer your phone!  Ok anyways, then I go to pull up my groupon.. It wasn't there.  I still have no idea why, the money was taken from my account already.  I try to explain to her what was going on.  She says " well I'm not starting anything without that groupon."  My husband at this time was at home on the other line with groupon trying to figure it out.  So we are awkwardly standing there and she is extremely unwelcoming... I was not going to pay $200 more to get a "natural look" when that's not what I wanted... I don't know how this girl has any business at all, she is extremely rude, unprofessional, overpriced and her work is not that good... Find somewhere else ladies unless you are ready for a headache.
I absolutely love Blue Martini.  If you want to relax with great staff, great food, and great music in North Scottsdale, this is where you want to be!
Get a mani/pedi while getting fantastic lashes?! How awesome is that! Sherri does my lashes super long and Full and Amazingggg.  Love her.  Love this place :)
I get foot reflexology massages often at least once or twice a month. Have gotten massages every where from Dallas to Houston to Tampa to even Taiwan. I chose the deep tissue special for $30 an hour and it came with hot stones and oil. The massage was excellent and I highly recommend this store to anyone visiting Las Vegas. It's about 10 minute drive from the strip
Has made me a die-hard fan of Lebanese cuisine. Easily the best hummus I've had - and I've had a lot of hummus. Would recommend Zeitouni's to anyone. Definitely give the shish tawooq (chicken skewer) sandwich a try, and ask about the shish tawooq special (which is not on the menu) as well, and you won't regret it.
Stopped in this place on a Saturday night and had a drink at the bar. Nothing special when it comes to beers. 5 or 6 on tap..... Came back on a Wednesday night for dinner and WOW! Visiting Phoenix we had a great experience at Culinary Dropouts and decided to try this place again. It was a pre lady GaGa show which we weren't aware of so the place was packed. We scored some really good seats by the chef area.... 5 white stools right at the kitchen where they make salads and the pretzel fondue. If you can get these seats grab them!!! I had filet mignon and friends had jumbalaya. Food was excellent. The chefs at our station were non stop busy filling orders for the restaurant yet they gave us a plate with toasted bread, home made jelly and mustard, cheese and their thin sliced meat. I was also given a horseradish sauce for my filet. At the end of the meal out of the blue the salad chef put a desert infront of us before the waiter could even offer it.... We weren't going to order desert but couldn't resist. Staff was super friendly and food was excellent. Been in Phoenix for 10 12 days with only 2 left... Wish we had found this place sooner! Def don't have places like this in NJ/NY.
5star for sure. Staying at the Hilton Tapatico hotel down the street. Decided to try this sushi place based on the high railings and reviews. Was not busy at 630pm(opens at 5 happy hour until 6 I believe). Sushi was top notch. Service was so so so good. The waiter (son of the sushi chef I believe) was the most helpful and friendly waiter I've ever had....anywhere. Typical pencil order sushi menu, 20oz Japanese beers $7, and excellent sushi. If you are in north phoenix area this is the place for sushi. I am from northern NJ/NY and this tops most of the places I've been too for food but def for service.
This place was amazing! W stopped by on our drive back from Colorado and its only 5 minutes from the I-15, so it was a quick stop.   It did take a few minutes to be seated and get our order in, but they were understaffed and were all busting their butts to clean tables and get food out. Once we got our food in, it only took 10 minutes for it to hit our table.   I order the shrimp with Juicy Cajun Sauce and a corn and potato. The shrimp was huge and delious. My bf ordered the crayfish and they were really small and disappointing. He got the Hot and Juicy sauce, which was way better then my sauce. Overall, I would push the shrimp over the crayfish, but it was a fun eating experience and I can't wait to go there again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
Loooooove the garlic shrimp.....I actually went for the first time yesterday and im debating going back again today!! Great atmosphere and experience so I think I will end up going....very soon.
Very unprofessional cleaners. I walked in my house and install noticed she didn't vaccum the living room! How do you not vaccum???? I gave them 3 shots and the work was never right.
I wish I could do negative stars!!! He discriminated against me because I am mixed. I came to the salon on a rainy day looking jacked up so I had a hat on. After having to wait 3 weeks for a opening when I get there he looks me up and down and says "blowout wont work on your kinda people hair". Mind you I'm wearing a hat he has NO IDEA what my hair looks like all he saw was my brown skin. I am appalled and will be getting my living social refund and placing SEVERAL complaints! It clearly states works on ANY hair type in his ad. Also there are plenty YouTube videos with mixed girls getting Brazilian blowouts , he needs to get real!
Good food great old school hip hop high ass prices....definitely different items ..like ox tail fries,  different.
Very sweet I love the texture, it's like the creamy stuff you get when u stir your ice cream fast! Yumm!
Jenny hooks it up! Does my lashes beautifully! It was hard finding someone when I first came from Cali. I have plenty of horror stories from salons out here! Jenny is a pleasure and always quick and precise.....would recommend her to any lash diva! All her over services are great too, lol.
This is my goto sushi spot! I come probably 3 times a month and if i could, id come more :) i love the variety and the consistancy here. I loveeee the daily specials that are available everyday too! If you like great quality sushi for the ayce price, Bomb is the way to go!!!
Wonderful place for dessert, the owners of the store was so nice. The ice cream was served pretty quick, and I was very happy with what I got.
this place was a mad house yelling out order numbers like it was bingo night! People every where waiting for the icon of a burger!  It was however a very delicious sloppy juicy burger, thanks for the burger wrap or I would have had that special sauce all over my clean crisp white t-shirt!  The fries ahh normal fries but it all was served up hot fresh and delicious!  Sit out side by the fountain and watch all the beautiful honeys walk by!  I love Vegas!
The food was everything but bacon, the service was poor, polite but took a long time to take the order and even forgot one order, the drinks were okay but nothing to visit again, finally the place is real comfy.
I think it was a nice place, small place, but for two people at $70 CA its a nice deal. Not the best hotel or with lots of services, but it has air conditioner, a private bath, tv and a comfy bed. Excellent for what you will be paying for
For me the hotel was at good price point, since the rooms have so much space, obviously it isn't a brand new Hotel, but it's near mostly to everything and it's clean.
An amazing tourist place to visit, great market with lots of fresh and colorful fruits and vegetables. The food is amazing, awesome flavours and the desserts are just the very best. A must while in Montreal
Wow the food its absolutely yummy! We have no idea what kind of food they serve since they're a Veggie Restaurant but what we ordered was great, no issues or complaints at all, they even had someone speaking in spanish so make it all much better.
I just came to Walmart and it was completely empty, after 1 hour looking for clothes 1 guy from the staff took us out, saying they were close a lot ago, doors were still open and no sign or anything telling otherwise, back in Mexico all Walmarts close untill 10pm everyday, so it was a bit awkawrd.
Pretty damn good food and the local beer was awesome as well, the owner was really good with all the customers
Wow, just the most tasty burguer I've ever had. The BBQ Sauce is freaking amazing, I almost cry while eating
Came here on a Sunday night and was VERY pleased. Service was super friendly, food was delicious. My wife had a veggie curry which was subtle yet spicy and just very well balanced. Another person in our party had a steak sandwich which was really really good and I had the ribs which were super tender (and a very generous portion). Plus for my daughter (who is a very plain eater) they made a set of chicken satays that were also super delicious. Also their menu has something for any price range (from $12 steak sandwich (almost enough for 2 to share) to more expensive items. (Plus I understand they have a lunch menu too which I will have to come to try SOON). Bottom line, finally a great Asian fusion place in north east Scottsdale. Will be back soon.
Had lamb kabaab, kadhai chicken. Both are very tasty...! Remembered Hyderabadi Spicy food!
For taking order they took 30 mins & had to wait for one more hour to get the food!!  Food is average and definitely not worth a wait!  Waitress changed in between to hanover to another one!
When the owner was looking at a lesbian site she decided she didn't like a picture of a lesbian woman that was posted.... I don't think this is the way to promote yourself or your business... Sadly makes me wonder what she says about her clients and their children... People come in all shapes sizes and looks, as a photographer I would hope that you would appreciate the beauty in human kind.  Pretty sure you would not appreciate someone attacking the clients you have photographed.  You forget Sarah... This is a person you are talking about.  Not just a picture.  Not good  Directly from her posting on Facebook...  "Sarah Elliott @Emma. When the picture shows up on your wall it's kinda hard not to say anything plus I can obviously say whatever I want. Yes she looks like a Dude! That's what she is going for right? She is ugly as hell. Now if she looked like what God intended her to look like then I'm sure she would be beautiful. I don't understand why carpet munchers if they are attracted to woman then why do they try and look like a man? Same with fag men. If they like men then why do they dress like woman. Homosexuals in my opinion are the most confused people on this earth, a lot more confused than drug addicts."  I am appalled by the use of terms such as "fag men" and "carpet munchers".  Very,very sad.
I have only ordered Pizza to go from Red White and Brew, but I gotta tell you, I love this place!  The Pizza is fantastic!  Traditional crust and great, fresh ingredients.  Another nice touch is the free garlic bread they send home with you!  Pizza is priced a little higher than most, but always great pizza!  The restaurant is small but nicely decorated.  Full menu as well as full bar.  I would recommend checking this place out.
Loved the kimchi side dishes with the entrees, especially the radish and the potatoes. The place feels modern and fun, with K-Pop on huge flat screens all around the dining area. The food is delicious, our server was adorable, and I wanted to stay after they closed just to keep watching the shows.
The juice was massively overpriced and came in a tiny glass bottle, but even then it tasted so weird I didn't even drink it all. How can you mess up watermelon juice? It's watermelon; it should be delicious no matter what you do to it. The customer service basically amounted to telling the customer that she's wrong, cheap and fat and thus cannot possibly understand real juicing.
Totally cute little place that was authentic enough that I told our fancy at the grill table chef that the food was, "oishi, desu ne?!"   He said, "Hi, my name is Brian. I'm from Sacramento."  We all giggled a little. But the food was indeed oishi (tasty), the plum wine delicious, and Brian was good with the grill tricks. Awesome place to have my birthday dinner with family.
I'm savoring every bite of these amazingly tasty savory crepes from Tasty Crepes. The fruit smoothie goes down smooth and genuinely fruity. Alas, I cannot give it the full 5 stars as their menu lacks almost all the classic crepes one might expect to find at an eatery with 'crepe' in the name.
If you want gourmet steak and eggs served by a waitress in pajamas, this is the place. Any way you want them, with an air of whimsy. The portions are large, the paninis are delicious, the philly steak and eggs was divine, the coffee strong, and the refills plentiful.
If you're looking for late-night protein and you don't want to burger it, this is a great option. Grilled skewers of lamb, steak, chicken wings and entire shrimp, plus garlic, green peppers, eggplant and corn on the cob in their special BBQ sauce--awesome.  If you're a bit more adventurous, they also have skewers of chicken hearts, baby octopus, whole yellow croaker fish, and beef kidneys.  Best part? The TV playing what could only be China's Got Boy Bands!
There were some really good moments during my lunch experience here.  The hostess already put me in a relaxed mood when I called in to make my reso.  I asked for a table for two either 12:30 or 1 and she said "let's reserve your table for 12:45 and you can come whenever you choose" which was a good thing because we showed up at 1:15 and of course they didn't make a fuss at all.    I started with raw tuna if I remember correctly.  Don't know what it's called but it was served on a thin flake of something crunchy and orange centred radish slices on top.  The main was the halibut which came with the most delicately roasted vegetables.  I found the halibut itself a bit salty but I'm not sure if that because I'm from Vancouver and the halibut is different on the west coast.  Nevertheless this fish was very moist with melt in your mouth qualities.  I have to admit I wasn't sure about this texture as some parts were almost crumbly but I gave the chef the benefit of the doubt.  And let me say, it was brilliant to offer recommended pairings for only $7 for the demi size.  The wine came from some obscure places like Serbia but they tasted amazing.   The dessert was the only thing I wish could have been more exilirating on the tastebuds but the coffee was cherishable.  Overall good food and service.  My only real criticism is they could try make the experience more exciting, and by that I mean making the food exude more attitude.  Almost as though you be thinking "damn the chef is bad a s s".  The interiors were a bit eccentric.  And the soft spokeness or lack there of of the other patrons made me feel like I was in an Atom Egoyan film.  Only instead of the Leonard Cohen soundtrack there was no music today.
Never again.  Would give negative stars if allowed. bought a used 2015 Nissan Sentra in AZ for 14500 and put 7000 down.  The car had 23000 miles on it and was purchased Aug 1 2016. Just 2 weeks check engine light comes on.  We were told to take car to Lake Havasu.  The Service dept said we needed an appt.  Light went off.  Then shortly after, the car loses power.  Took it to dealer where we purchased it from and was told they only deal with Henderson Nissan.  By this time, we had put about 4000 miles on car.  Henderson SUPPOSEDLY put in brand new tranny.  Here we are again loses power.  Car gets taken to Henderson 90 miles away and the service manager Shane said there is no issue.  Back again in Dec.  Check engine light.  AZ was taking it back to Henderson.  Now this is 3 times it has been up there.  Went there myself to check on the status in which salesman Drake said the Sentra had an accident on the Carfax (750 in damage)  was unsafe and COULD NOT be sold on their lot. My Sentra only at this point had almost 30000 miles.  Still under factory warranty. Pressured me to buy a new car which I didn't want.  Still don't.  Wanted my Sentra fixed.  After spending 6 hrs there offered me a 2017 Versa with none of the options I wanted.  Was told we needed to put another 1000 which makes 8000 in 4 months down and trade in Sentra due to safety which would be going to Auction cause they can't sell on their lot.  Rushed thru paperwork was not explained on what I was signing, then find out they charged me 2500 for a service contract (extended warranty) and Vin # etching. None of this was explained.  Return home and find my Sentra still in AZ.  Never made it to NV.  The finance manager had the gall to ask us to drive it to NV. Talked to Nissans consumer affairs which handled nothing.  Henderson said we were VIP and havent heard a word from them.  I complained about not being told I had to pay registration fees in AZ so they reimbursed me for that 165.  I am now going above Nissan.  Worst car buying experience of my life.  2500 in unwanted extended warranty, and 199 for Vin etching.  Not one manager even called me.  I am not done with this dealer.  Horrible service,management, and sales.  They basically lied to get us in new car but I do have the pictures of my Sentra being sold on THEIR lot.  These issues should be addressed immediately!!
Waitress did not greet table for 10 mins. Food took 30+ mins to come out, table was not checked on in between to let us know of status. Customer service was so-so, could've been a lot better, really liked the gentleman that was going around refilling our waters though.   I got the sloppy joe, can't mess up on sloppy joe so it was pretty good. A little on the dry side but flavor was there so that made up for it. Received a huge portion of fries which was surprising but made the $14 plate worth it.   Atmosphere was pretty nice, music was great. Tables could be spread out a little bit more but oh well, it's a casino location it is what it is.   Not sure if I would return due to service but hopefully others receive a better experience.
This place is as good as it gets for Mexican, particularly the happy hour.  They have great margaritas, quality food and the flan is excellent.
Went twice. First time showed up with wrong order and the other time food was without salt. Won't recommend it.
My mom and I ate here Saturday and it was great. We shared chicken nachos and we couldn't finish them. Margaritas were a little strong, but it was perfect to not need another. Will definitely be returning. I can't remembers our waiters name but he was awesome
Spend your money elsewhere!!!! The music is RIDICULOUSLY loud. I don't know how anyone inside could have a conversation. We asked to be seated outside because we did not want to eat breakfast and have to yell at each other. The hostess said she'd tell her manager, but that didn't happen. We are still sitting here and it's blasting. Extremely inappropriate for a morning setting. We ordered coffee and water and received those pretty quickly. Not sure what is up with the water here, but it was disgusting. We also received them in skinny glasses without ice, while tables around us received them in bigger glasses with ice. The waitress took our order and it's easily been 20 minutes and we have not gotten our order. There is a couple that was seated about 10 minutes after us and they already received their food. Are you freaking serious?!?   (10 minutes later) ANOTHER table was given their food that came in 5 minutes ago. If I could give this place zero stars I would. Our waitress never checked on us to tell us why the food was taking so long. So we left. HORRID service. Now I see why they have such mixed reviews. I guess if you complain about the music they treat you like shit.
Brought my little sisters(in law) to have some fun. We got here early so we were able to get chairs under an umbrella which was great for my husband and I while the girls played. The rides were great. The boards you use for the slides were kind of gross and moldy looking in the crease. They have a food court, drink station and a few dip n dot carts. I was just looking to get something to drink, but my only option was to stand in the 30+ minute food court line because they didn't have any other windows or stations open. Very inconvenient, especially for a Saturday. And you can't bring in your own coolers so you're S.O.L. if you want a quick drink.
I ate here with my husband and 2 sisters in law earlier this month. We got the table right in the corner by the street, which was great for people watching. We all really liked our food and our waitress was fantastic. The only downfall was not enough shading, causing us to maneuver the table and chairs so we were all mostly covered from the blistering sun. It was pretty expensive as well, but that is Vegas for you.
We are from southern Utah, and are staying in Vegas for the night. My husband and I wanted to get a pedi, so I found Le Nail close to where we are staying. So clean and everyone is so nice. Just my husband, myself and one other client in the salon. Very thorough and the massage chairs are great. It really helped work out a knot I have in my back. We will definitely be returning the next time we come to Las Vegas/Henderson.
One word: INCREDIBLE. The view is spectacular. We couldn't be on the patio because it was raining, but that was ok. We got out complimentary glass of champagne that you get if you are a guest of Delano. I highly recommend and I will be returning. They offer a happy hour from 5-7, but it would be fun to attend at night with the DJ.
Service effing SUCKS!!! My husband and I were seated, given water, menus and plates then ignored for 20 MINUTES!!! We walked out and went somewhere else. We were very excited to try this place due to all the good reviews, but I will make sure to never recommend this place to anyone.
Two thumbs up! We needed food delivered, and I really like I could place my order with Yelp! It took about an hour like it stated in the app, which was perfect timing for dinner. We got SO much food! 2 white rice, one order of noodles, 4 entrees and 6 eggs rolls. The one complaint was the steamed chicken vegetable. There was no flavor to it. I don't know if one of the side sauces was suppose to go on it, but we probably won't order that again. We only ordered 2 egg rolls, but later found out you get a free roll for each entree you order. All for $38 + $5 delivery charge and tip. It was just for my Mom and I, so we have at least 2 days of left overs. We will definitely order from them again when we come back to Vegas.
My husband and I ate here back in March on a Sunday. We loved it. Bottomless mimosas and outstanding food. We also sat at a table perfect for two looking out to one of the pools. It was nice and private. The food options are never ending! It is a little pricey (it was over $100 for the both of us). But we will definitely consider going back.
Food was delicious and service was great! Great little place in Henderson. We will definitely return next time we go through there.
I inherited an upright Player Piano from my late Great Aunt. I had it moved from Las Vegas to Southern Utah by The Careful Movers. Erick arrived at my house right on schedule. He was so nice and careful with everything. He was even generous enough to bring other items with him other than the piano. He did all the moving by himself, and he did it flawlessly. I would highly recommend him to anyone who needs pianos moved!! It was such a pleasure meeting and talking with him.   P.S. Don't forget to tip!!
Delicious!! We left Citizens to come here and I'm glad we did. We were greeted right away and given coffee and water. Food came out quickly and it was amazing. I posted photos. Will definitely be returning.
Before my husband and I ate here, we went to a place across the street first. We were seated, given menus and water. We were then ignored for 20 minutes so we walked out and came here. I am SO glad we did! Everything about this place is great! Atmosphere, staff, food, entertainment, presentation were fantastic. Our server, Sam, was great. Very informative and friendly. He asked me how spicy I wanted my food on a scale of 1-10 and I'm glad I said 3. It was the perfect spice that it wasn't so overpowering that I couldn't taste all the other flavors. Neither of us had an empty glass on the table, and my husband had at least 4 refills. He never had to ask for one. We are definitely going back and recommending them to everyone we know.
Not the best but ok if you want to order to your room or grab something quick. All of the sushi tastes like it has been sitting in the refrigerator waiting to be served. The rice is very sticky. The dumplings are very tasty so maybe just stick with some appetizers. Drunken noodles with beef and shrimp were pretty good but a little on the greasy side. Overall nothing impressive for being housed at Encore.
This place is amazing! I've been to many steak houses across the country and have my favorites at home in NYC and SW is up there on the list. The decor is very sleek and classy and right outside is the waterfall at the Wynn. We had an excellent waiter who was so sweet and attentive and was always immediately available with water and more wine. For an appetizer we shared the bureaus which was to die for. We both had steak and was cooked to perfection. The meat tasted like butter (actually did) and was such a good size we barely had room to try the sides. SO good!!
Tao is always a solid go-to spot when in Vegas. It's usually fairly easy to get a last minute reservation via OpenTable and they easily accommodate big parties. I've found that a later reservation is the way to go - maybe 9:30 or 10:00PM. That way they'll come around and stamp you for the nightclub so you can walk right past the line after dinner and pay no cover. Definitely a perk for a Friday/Saturday.   The food is good and has been consistent over the years. A sushi roll and appetizer is plenty for me before hitting the town. It's very easy to overeat here trying different items! The lobster dumplings are fantastic and so is the rock shrimp. Any sushi roll with mango and the sauce is a must try!   Also - they make a GREAT dirty martini!
Overall, not impressed mainly for the food. It's mediocre and kind of reminds me of a Ruby Tuesday. They have a hard time getting the cook on their steaks right.   This place is not good for private dining. Their private room is a narrow room off the main dining room separated by curtains, so the noise level is there. Also, they can't manage timing because half the table received their food and the others took a good 10 minutes so the first waves food died on the plate. Not good!  Only positive was the wait am staff was friendly and beer was good.
Nice place, one of the few on the lake, beautiful at sunset. Live music is always fun but a but too many drunk folks stumbling by (outside tiki bar) during dinner hours. Good food, drinks and service. Skip the lobster Mac and cheese but go for the fried haddock. Oh and reservations for parties 6+ only but it was a quick wait.
There's not a lot to say about this place. Sushi is overall good but the problem I had was the rolls were jam packed with rice. The rice tasted like minute rice, not sushi rice - ugh! The service was not good, they cannot handle larger groups.   For food, I would stick with the small plates. Calamari was good, gyoza and sesame chicken really great. Brussels sprouts were also amazing!
I would have eaten everything on the menu over the next few weeks but I can't. One, I'm vegan and though I want to try it all, I shouldn't. Two, I don't live there, otherwise I might cheat on reason One. Amazing staff and menu. Prices are reasonable and they have Chartreuse VEP.
Wow, I don't know if I ever ranked a place this low. But I feel it is important to note the quality of service and food you'll receive here.  We began our night hoping for a reservation across the parking lot. When they were full we Yelped and found Marrakech right here so we gave it a shot. We were with a large group of 10 and were sat pretty quickly, about 15 minutes which was nice compared to the hour plus wait we left to come here.   The music was very loud and we requested it to be at a more realistic level so we could talk during their 5-6 course meal. It would have been strange to sit there that long and not be able to talk at all. Every 45 minutes or so they had a belly dancing show with even louder music, which is fine since it's not too often and made for the experience overall.  It took a while (15 to get our initial drinks) where we ordered wines. Even longer yet to receive any food such as apatizers or bread. We acctually had to ask to receive something after another 20 minutes of receiving our drinks.   The first place received was breads, humus, olives, etc. which was fine and the last quality food brought out. I won't go into the details of each dish to follow only to say for the expense we were not happy at all.   The wait staff was pleasant but very slow and lacked understanding of the level of sound and need to communicate ones there.  The place is neat looking inside and the concept is fun. Just won't be returning since food and service is too important.
Mizumi, like every part of the Wynn, is amazing. The staff are pleasant, helpful and truly do everything they can to make your meal a delight. But the main treat is obviously the food. Each dish was beautifully made and fresh with flavor. Dori and I are vegan and once they were told, they arrange the tasting menu special with vegan options. A perfect meal and evening. And a must visit while in town, vegan or not.
What a pleasant surprise to stumble across this unique little boutique.  Their products are beautiful, very well made and reasonably priced. I have stopped buying the cheap Dollarama clips, which don't last, and am enjoying the selection and quality of the Baby Wisp hair accessories.  I have both visited the shop and purchased on line and both experiences have been great.  As mentioned in a previous review, their was a dog but I only realized that when my daughter spotted him in the corner and insisted on petting him. He's very sweet and completely harmless as he is blind and deaf.    I met the owner Beena who made the shopping experience that much more fun.  I highly recommend visiting the shop if you can. I went in looking for a specific type of head band for my daughter and ended up buying Christmas presents for all my nieces too.
Amazing service! Donte helped me pick out things from the menu since it was my first time! Also tony made an amazing smoothie! Definitely will come back :)
Same experience as other posters I agreed to pay the cars.com advertised price only to find out after they get your credit information and take your deposit that the price is at least $1,400 more in hidden fees. They charge $1,000 if you pay cash and don't take their high interest loan and $400 in dealer fees. None of which is on the cars.com advertisement.
Bad, bad, bad.  Poor service, flavor was off on almost all of the food, we both ended up with a horrid stomach ache the next day.  Quantity  Quality. This place is overpriced for what they offer.
Worst Wendy's ever for being close to the strip this Wendy's sucks ass the had me wait for fresh fries and once I got my order fried were soaked in oil, and my burger was far beyond well done. Discussing never going back and not even a bother to complain if it's the whole store!! Nasty as Wendy's I wonder how there cooking at home is
its expensive but its holts! the foods quite good...
Ok, why were their so many italians at this restaurant? Ok, the food was good but nothing different from what my sisters can make at home...so why go here? The experience is nothing amazing but humble and fine! The thing that bothered me the most is why the hell do restaurants think they can do steamed vegetables as a side and it's ok??? STEAMED VEGETABLES!!!...really? If this place wants to make a difference get a little more creative with your sides! Also, what happen with the people who don't want to eat heavy rich food?...salad options are extremely poor! Would i go back...no and not because the food was bad but because it was nothing special! my 2cents...
Hey Tim Hortons, can you get staff the are a little quicker and not slow as molasses on the f'in job, 5 minutes wait to get a coffee and a parking ticket...87$ cup of coffee!!! Thanks
Ok, Wednesday night not a packed night but nobody came to see us for at least 10 minutes in...Not even water?  We got up & left and we're sitting at Mile End grillade and they're taking our order in less than 2minutes! Sorry, but I'm maybe not chill enough for this place! I may give it another chance some day, but for a new place it sucked that that happened!
I'm a big fan of the brunch here! dejeuner sante is yum!
One of my favorite spots to shop and usually great staff but yesterday I had a tiff with one of the staff members!  Was at the register and while the girl was ringing up the bill I asked politely what the content of the sweater was, stone cold she looks at me and replies, holding the sweater in her hand "I don't know"! I asked if she could please look at the content in the inside of the sweater she was holding, frustrated with attitude directed at someone who had killed your mother, she answers she can't see that small! Not the greatest job for this young girl, Kayla! She should not work in the public if clients seem to be bothering her with question! As it goes, we noticed the gentlemen behind us had an issue as well because he spoke to the manager immediately after we did! H&M, do yourself a favor and relieve her of her misery, she belongs in an office with no client contact whatsoever! My little beef! Cheers
this place is an institution...a must for tourist and locals! its also gross and the atmosphere is dull...but who the F cares, the smoked meat (corn beef for south of the border) is AWESOME! the line-up are for a reason...expect them, but they are fast!
Pretty good place for good food... I recommend! It's a little loud and very packed so if you're looking for something chill this isn't the place! Our server, Samuel was very accommodating and took very good care of us...a little intense as he declared and I agree, but all good!
one of my favorite bbq chicken place in montreal...i actually dreamt of it when i lived in LA! Stay away from the fries ...they are so awesome you can't just eat a few!!! Romados for me is to chicken what Shwatzes is to smoke meat!!!
i used to be a fan but after my last experience here... I'm thinking its time to scout another resto in the village! now, their are many to choose from... too bad this one lost its luster! I normally have the Ibiza salad, which is a greek salad with chicken but Ibiza is   in Spain... that s another story, I was shocked to see a salad was $21!!! wtf... and its not even that amazing!! this night I had the saloon burger, one of their staple burgers... a no brainer, but the bread was dry and crumbling, the meat was precooked and overcooked! My friend had a burger too, same issue with the meat and bun... but he had a poutine! I had a taste of the poutine, it was disgusting and had no flavor...Mcdonalds makes a better poutine! I think its time to get back to the basics and become a restaurant instead a wannabe resto-club!
i have a general problem with ALL rental car companies with thoses "extra" fee's, but this one takes the cake! $2.50/day for tire storage!!! WTF... they advertise a price and slap on extra for this shit plus for registration plus for some kind of insurance for loss of key...what BS! why dont they advertise clean? this is a scam in all Its splendor... oh and what choice do we have, didnt we read the 40page contract before we rented the car?
You know when the first thing you can say about a restaurant is something about the decor means it's not a good sign, so I won't talk about the food , which was mediocre. The decor reminded me of Ceconne's in WeHo, with an Art Deco twist. The music was a little disconnected...I enjoyed the night in great company. Great atmosphere to meet for drinks, loved the huge windows and high ceilings
what a cute "expensive" little place...we didnt even take a bottle of wine and it cost us $65.00 each.  We shared a tartar, was ok $12.00 and small...we each had a main meal, cod fish in miso, was ok $26.00 and very small...glass of white wine each $11.00, perfect...and shared a bread pudding $8.00, AMAZING! i had an alonge $3.75. total $112.39+tip i'll go back, but for a coffee and the bread pudding! i didnt understand why its so pricy, i mean the rent cant be all that expensive in that area and the portions are very tiny?  in my opinion, either they should lower their prices or make a little more generous portion...
i nice little discovery! so glad i tried the pizza but the pasta on the menu looked good too! the place is really cute, the ambiance nice...and the service was perfect! i will for sure return. i had the pizza+prociutto+ricotta+basil and arugula...i kept thinking how amazing it could have been with burata instead of ricotta but the ricotta did not displease!
Oh my F'in gawd!...definitely worth the 45 minutes wait. I had the panfried eggs with green beans and turkey sausage with spicy honey almond pesto...out of this world. My friend had the waffles...let's just say we don't need to eat for days :)
Filthy dirty and not necessarily a homeless shelter...gross to eat there, never go there at night! EVER!!!
One of Montreal first & best wood burning pizza! I have the Arugula no.71 and add prosciutto...yum
Have to say this was a delicious combination of food! The warm vegetable was awesome with the shawarma... Glad to have these guys in my hood, bienvenu
always always love this place... their salads and sandwiches are tdf! Its a little pricey but worth every penny. You can tell that the best ingredients go into the food here, you taste it! Yum...my favorite lunch place in Old Montreal
I said I would re review this place... I would recommend this place! The food was delicious but it's not an inexpensive lunch
i have to say i've only heard good things about this place and finally got the opportunity to try it out! this place is so charming and old school chic i would for sure put it on my things to do in montreal in 48hours list! the menu was a little small but everything sounded delicious. the service was great...lots of eye candy serving and being served! i dont know what the summer menu looks like but what was on for January winters in Mtl was perfect!
My guest and I had a great evening, from the great cocktail our amazing server Jimmy made us to the good food that followed! A lot had to do with the service, the weather and the vibe...I  recommend!
raw chicken is unacceptable in anyones plate! The meal should have been free for both my guest and I...for this I remove a star. Take care of your clients because saying sorry sometimes isn't enough no matter how sweet you can be!
was amazingly delicious and i'm not vegan! i just felt so healthy but full eating there! the place is kooky and casual... need to go back
Amazing little hang out for great coffee and good company! Vito is also like a neighborhood mayor...good laugh!
Delicious vegetarian new resto in town. Everything in the menu sounded deliscous and what we ordered didn't upset. Definitely recommend this place... oh and the ambience is amazing too
Pedro redeemed himself , the place was great to hang out in the mile-end, a must try Sad to hear the news, rip
Yum, I heart this place... The old Brodino, and in my new hood!
amazing coffee...great italian style salads and great panini's! i love the way they ask you to get a table and the waiter yells around you name until he finds you! very italian joint...very italian! bada bing bada bing! oops.... i didnt wear my addidas fitted track pants with my Canada Goose! lol
So glad this place is close to my hood, the place is great. One of the best sandwiches in town...bravo boys
First our flight was reschedule from 7am to 12:15pm, now the boarding is bordel because they didn't reassign seating for passengers before boarding on the new aircraft! It's now 12:20 and we're still nowhere near leaving! Air transat, you fuckin suck! #airtransatneveragain #airtransatyousuck
Love this little spot in the Mile-ex. Foods really good. I had the gazpacho, risotto and a few of the balls yum!  The only thing that ruined my night and worth taking a star off was the place has no AC! I was coming from work with my shirt, jacket, long pants, socks and shoes! Had I been in a t-shirt, shorts and flip flops I could've bared it much better! Not a summertime place recommended for business clients at al ! Besides that, I would for sure go back... flip flops and all! ps, heads-up to the owners: I like that you're serving cocktails in regular glasses, but when you order a dirty martini and it looks like a shot you kind of feel cheated! cheers
Amazing little place in St.henri... Definitely a place I recommend! Yum... Had the mozzarella/tomato with extra basil, just the right flavors and the kale salad with mango,tangerine and honeydew was perfect!  Next time I'm having the pizza! The bread, not on the menu but if you ask they'll make you a nice home made concoction.
Big mistake and that's why it's a two star! I love this place, as everyone I was with do too...and besides, where do you eat descent food in the village. We had rez for 9pm, we called that we'll be 15 minutes late. We get there and get greeted by a most handsome fellow and tell him we had  arrived. He tells us to grab a seat and we'll be seated shortly. Well, another group of 4 who arrive after us, 10 minutes to be exact get seated before us! No reason why, the guy forgot we were seated and gave our table to that group! Wtf!!! Did he fuckin realize why he fuckin did, I had to go up to the assistant manager and tell her what happen! Not fuckin cool. Thanks for the drink, thanks for the apology but that fucked up my night...it's the principal of the thing. You had guest sit down and then forget them... sorry I made a mistake is not enough!
Beat Poutine in town,  open 24hrs but not open Mondays! Forget that other place that has tons of selection, this ones authentic...secrets in the sauce
10/16/2016  Yelp review Scottsdale, AZ El Charro 5550 E Lincoln Dr.  ~2 mi (480) 964-1851  El Charro is hands down the best fine dining dinner spot in the Phoenix, Scottsdale, Paradise Valley area.  I am a fine dining snob and I have high expectations for restaurants that I plan on eating an expensive meal at and El Charro never disappoints.  Whether you desire a delicious, juicy filet, or flavorful seafood, this is the place to go if you don't mind forking over some cash.  My experience started the moment I walked through the adobe arch reading "El Charro" which is a gateway into the beautiful, romantically lit patio that spans around the open, cozy, adobe restaurant in a nice wide L shape. When I went to El Chorro recently, I did have to wait for my table, but I was able to go and sit at their bar area where I was well taken care of as I waited to be seated.  We were seated about 15 minutes after arriving, but my experience at the bar helped pass the time extremely fast and I gladly say out my wait enjoying my time at the bar.  Once I made my way to the table, covered in a beautiful white linen, and sat in comfortably cushioned chairs, I was almost immediately brought a glass of water and was served their famous sticky buns which they serve to their guests instead of bread.  The sticky buns came out a perfectly warm temperature and were so gooey and delicious.  My server was extremely prompt and made sure to get us our drinks as quickly as possible.    I ordered the 8oz. center cut filet, served with parmesan scalloped potatoes, asparagus and pink peppercorn sauce on the side.  This entree totals about $45, but on this particular night I added jumbo shrimp to make it a surf & turf which ran the cost up to about $52.  A price well worth paying in my opinion.  [picture on the bottom of page] The presentation was stunning and I honestly could not wait to dive into my plate and consume this meal as quickly as my body would allow. Everything came out the perfect temperature and I knew as soon as everything on that plate was finished being cooked, they brought it out immediately.   I enjoy my filet medium rare, and unlike most places who tend to go a little too rare when I request this, this steak was perfect.  It was so tender and juicy that I did not even use my peppercorn sauce because the steak itself didn't even need anything more.  The scalloped potatoes were creamy and delicious and came out in a nice large helping. The asparagus was cooked to perfection so that they still crunch when you bite into them but are soft enough you don't feel like you're eating asparagus al dente. The shrimp was extremely tasty and HUGE.  You really get your moneys worth for upgrading the plate to a surf and turf.   My parents were celebrating their 30th anniversary this night, and in order to celebrate, the restaurant gave them a complimentary dessert that included a graham cracker crusted white and milk chocolate mousse. The flavors were delectable and I wished this dessert would never end.    Our waitress, Andrea, was an incredibly nice and a very efficient waitress.  She clearly enjoyed her job and served with poise and class.  She made sure we had everything we needed and I never felt like I was abandoned at my table.    I would give my experience at El Charro ***** out of ***** stars for its comfortable, open atmosphere, incredible and efficient service, and mouthwatering, cooked to perfection food that is consistently good every time I come to the restaurant.
Great show!! I couldn't believe he was actually reading people's mind. He chose people from the audience to participate which was interesting! Recommend it!
Awesome show!!! Lights and sounds were great! Really enjoyed it. It was funny also. Def recommend it!!
Not impressed at all. I felt as if they were trying too hard to be funny. The only fun part was the bouncing balls and toilet paper party!
Tiffany's has bar none quality of service and efficiency. I literally don't know how I was getting by prior to signing up for the free of charge pick-up and delivery service! It saves me so much time. Not to mention, they are extremely affordable! Thanks Tiffany!
I had no idea that I could ever love ramen like I do now. This place is always packed and it's always amazingly delicious! No ramen compares. Their gyoza is to die for as well. One of my favorite cheat day spots for sure! This place makes me feel like I'm in San Fransisco again eating really amazing food in a tiny restaurant, it's worth the wait and whoever says it's not has never lived in a big city before to understand quality VS quantity in a joint like this. My only complaint is that they aren't open 24-7, maybe I'm just being selfish. . .Put this place on your must have, must try list. Don't miss out!
Amazing array of flavors! I'm a tea lover so I went with the Gunpowder + the green tea waffle cone! Oh yum. I sampled almost every flavor while I was there but the subtlety of the green tea did it for me. Who ever comes up with these flavors must be a chef with an urban artistic flare that's not afraid to be bold and daring! I love it. The churro is a must too! Fabulous ambience, delectable treats . . . I'll be back indefinitely.
Not only have I been getting my nails done at polished for a few years, they now offer champagne and wine; nice touch. Mia always does a seamless job on my mani & pedi. I appreciate her for her attention to detail and shaping, shaping is key and she is the very best from coffin to basic square rounded gel nails. I've gone from acrylic to short gel manicures and she is amazing all the way around, so I know from experience! This is my favorite nail salon hands down. Polished has a very comfortable and relaxing environment. They won't let you down.
This is Venezuelan soul food in my opinion because it's definitely made with love. Yum! Great ambiance and really up beat attitudes on the service end as well. I've been hearing people rave about this place so I finally gave it a shot. The yucca root fries are bomb with the creamy green sauce. Their shredded beef in definitely a winner and I love the combinations of black beans and meat, I'm a huge bean addict. . . I crave protein like no other and this place can give you a great protein filled gluten free meal or a vegetarian|vegan one at that! (something ridiculously hard to find in fast casual dining for whatever reason) No. . . I don't want to go out to eat and have a salad. Proteins + Good carbs here! I don't have celiacs but this place is definitely celiacs friendly! Craving a hearty meal. . .these arepas really do the trick! It can be a naughty or a nice meal and I love the option! Must try!
best restaurant week meal I have had in a long time. the bbq beef short rib was amazing! upscale yet casual. great outdoor seating and bar area.
Ordered chicken wings...and they were raw. They were actually raw, we could not believe it. Never have we gotten under cooked chicken from anywhere.  Save your money and go somewhere else please. They obviously don't care enough about their customers to actually thoroughly cook their food. 0/10.
This was the WORST manicure I have ever gotten in my life.  My boyfriend took me here today as a gift for our anniversary and I got a mani/pedi. Got knicked during the pedi but I didn't bother to complain because I just assumed it was an accident.  Onto the mani, I asked for French tips. As the manicurest continued to work on my nails, I started to feel more and more pain and wondered if maybe I just have a low tolerance. By the time she wiped my fingers with alcohol, almost every finger was stinging and a couple started to bleed.  She tried to wipe the blood off but to no avail as my finger just continued to bleed so she proceeded with the manicure.  At this point, i was getting progressively frustrated and just hoped at least the end result would turn out nice. It took her many attempts to apply the tips and it still turned out uneven. She also noticed the blood showing through the colour and tried again to wipe it off with alcohol but couldn't get it out.  Even after all this, there was no apology or offer of a discount. I saw friends right after who were appalled by my experience and how unprofessional my manicure looked and I will continue to discourage anyone I speak to from coming to this salon.  I never write bad reviews nor complain but this experience was so beyond frustrating, I would never recommend anyone to go through what I had to endure. I will now be wearing bandaids on every other finger for the next couple days thanks to this salon.
The strippers were friendly, but the 40$ service with 2 drinks, limo ride to and from your pick up spot was not what what's expected.  We had a 11 girls (none overweight) and the tires seem to drag and the driver didn't care.  The female strippers were very nice. Seemed a little uncomfortable with the male customers but did their job. The male dancers seemed nice as well. one of them touched my butt so I was a little thrown off, they didn't seem rude so I didn't take it that way, they are just trying to work.
I cannot say enough about this place, it is as good or better than most Greek places I have been to costing 2x as much, the soups were outstanding as were the kafta and chicken kabobs.  The gyro plate was very good as well. The staff was friendly enough to make you feel you were in their own home.
This visit, versus the visit last week, they actually honored our reservation and gave us the suite we were upgraded to.  We travel with 2 kids (boy and girl) so we always try to book a larger suite. This time they did not make the excuses at the front desk they did last time.  So at least that was a positive.  Another positive the A/C in this room works.  The room is clean and well maintained, which makes the stay nicer.  The grounds and common areas are kept clean and attractive.  Customer Service - We have been staying for over 20 years at Hilton branded hotels,  70% at Embassy Suites.  I do not know if it is the Phoenix attitude, but at every other Embassy Suites around the country, the front desk recognizes my wife's elite status and welcomes us almost as friends. Most of them even leave a letter from the GM of hotel thanking us for our continued loyalty. Here we are not even acknowledged by the Front Desk as even being hhonors members.  Management needs to do some serious retraining of their Front Desk if they want to keep their Diamond members as return customers.  The best service is by the housekeeping and breakfast staff, who treat everyone as elite hhonors members. Which is how it should be for everyone.  Until the General Manager actually addresses the issues with the front desk this will remain a 3 star hotel in my book.  If you want to know how an excellent Embassy Suites operates, see my review on the one in Arcadia CA.    Maybe it is just that in Tempe they get a lot of traffic from ASU and Sky Harbour Airport, they do not feel the need to recognize loyality or choices of guests.  Next trip to Phoenix, we will be looking for a two room suite at a different Hilton Brand, like Squaw Peak or Tapatio Cliffs, where all the customer service is outstanding.  Even a Hampton Inn and Suites provides politer service at check-in. If not needing a suite for kids, the Airport Hilton in Phoenix is a much better, freindlier hotel.  Maybe I am just of the wrong generation, where you were brought being taught that loyalty and customer service are the hallmarks of great establishments versus mediocre ones.   Nicely maintained rooms are to be expected at this brand and if just based on that alone and not the Customer Service we received both times, this would be a 5 star review.
The food and service was outstanding. The soup and lo mien delicious.  Thai spicy shrimp as well.
If you are from the FSU or FSU Jewish, this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
I've heard of this place for a while and just got around to it this past Saturday and honestly was disappointed in the customer service. When ordering the creme brulee, I had asked the girl working the cashier position, what flavour would she recommend and she gave me this unfriendly look and said its only one flavour and I said ok. But right after she asked what flavour (exactly what i just ASKED). She could be a new employee but the look she gave me was not professional and made me think I was stupid for asking.   In terms of the creme brulee and the smores ice cream, it tasted okay. But there was nothing special about the taste. You are paying for the experience of watching them use nitrogen to create their ice creams, etc.   Customer service is the key to my heart! Didn't get that here.
Nice place for breakfast. Friendly staff, prompt service. Good prices.  Coffee snobs beware:  Coffee weak!
The food is great!!! Too bad that's the only good thing about it. Customer service is BAD and with an ATTITUDE. They take too long to bring you the food but it comes with the check.
I always get amazing service here. Even if the line is out the door, I'm done faster then a Mc'Donalds drive through. The food always come's out the same and the people that work there are friendly.
I used integrity air last year after using another company that didn't do a great job. The other company replaced the motor in my Ac unit, and since they didn't have the right one the put in a temp motor and never came back until I called and complained. Then the same guy came back took out the temp motor put in the right one but did half-assed job. Instead of asking them back for the third time, I called Integrity.  Their rep took the time to show me what was wrong and what needed to be replaced and or fixed. He ended up spending about three hours fixing something that the other tech did wrong. It was awesome, we haven't had an AC problem in the two summers since he was here. I would use them again.  Also Rosie certified.
I love this place, they have a little program where every certain amount of money you spend you get 5 bucks off an order. There is one guy that is always working, he rocks, always has a smile on his face, and is super helpful.   The price isn't bad, and if you want dinner and dessert there is a Chipotle right next door.
I'm nor sure what all they hype was about this place. Maybe another casualty of getting on TV, and then raising prices lowering quality. I ordered a Midwest Monster. It was ok, nothing to write home about. The meat on it was very good it comes with Jalapenos and cheese and coleslaw. My only knock on the sandwich was that it was twelve dollars, It was microwaved to melt the cheese, and served on fifty cent bun from fry's. Again the meat on the sandwich was very good it wasn't warm though, obviously not hot enough to melt cheese.  But it comes with two side dishes you say.   I ordered the Mac and Cheese and Waffle Fries. The waffle fry's were the kind you get in the frozen section of your local supper market, and while the portion wasn't small it was also served cold. They were not fried from what I can tell but heated in an oven at some point and served room temp.To say I was unimpressed well no that is exactly what I was unimpressed.   But you also got Mac and Cheese you say.  Crazy as this sounds it was also served cold, or what could be considered room temperature. We had Kraft Mac and Cheese the night before my wife told me it was better. The one thing I can say is they put a little paprika on the top and it does look like they make it from scratch. Not sure who else serves cold mac and cheese though I've never had it served that way at a restaurant before.   In Short it was twelve bucks for what couldn't even be called a real meal. Room temperature side dishes and a microwaved sandwich. I will add the staff was great and moved us right along.  I could have gone to Five Guys and saved myself 4 bucks and had a happy belly.
The food is good but way over priced, one waffle and a piece of bacon for ten bucks. It had a cool atmosphere, and the people were friendly, maybe I am just to dollar conscious for this place. It was worth it to go once. You won't be disappointed on the quality.
I enjoyed the coffee and the breakfast. The first time you go it's a little bit hectic, and it might just be a little to trendy for me. I'll probably be back at some point but not in the near future. The prices were fair, it was super busy when we went but we didn't wait long for anything.
10:30 am We ordered two ceiling fans and a remote on Amazon thinking we would take advantage of their new Amazon Home Services Group. Our experience was horrible outside of Amazon's normal amazing delivery speed. The day of the installation we received a window of between 11am and 2pm. Kyle from I'm Gonna Fix It called and said they were wrapping up with another client and would be there around 3pm. A gentleman named Chris showed up at 4:30pm and started to work on installing our fans. He pulls me aside before he is done and says "We can bill your second fan through Amazon, or if you can pay cash we will do it for 80.00 instead. Amazon charges us a 20% service fee so we can offer a cash discount." We are so far behind schedule my wife has time to stop and grab the money on the way home from work. Right before he leaves he comes back and says "Hey I don't have a screwdriver to put the batteries in the remote." He then leaves without testing it, so we had no idea if it would work. Needless to say, the remote won't sync with the system he installed so I call them up and ask them to fix it or remove the unit so we can send it back. Chris comes out again, this time, he doesn't have a ladder, even though he needed one the first time, so we let him use ours. (What kind of a service comes without a screwdriver or a ladder?), tests the unit, then tells me "Because the unit is defective we have to bill you 65.00 for the hour I was here, but not to worry Amazon will most likely cover the error because the unit was defective." So now they want Amazon to pay us back for their mistake. His office calls to bill us and I ask them "Why are we paying you to remove something that you didn't test on installation. If the tech actually tested the unit and didn't just leave, then we wouldn't be having a second service call." She says, "Ok I'll call the owner and ask what we can do." Less than five minutes later Chris shows back up at my house asking me, "What's the problem, and that it was ok to bill us because we let him leave without testing it." It's not only extremely unprofessional to send a service tech back to your front door (not to mention the same one that didn't test the unit) to try and argue on behalf of the company, it borders on intimidation. I wouldn't agree that it was our fault that he didn't test the product he installed and I asked him to leave. The then promptly charged us the 65.00 for the hour.  I will never be using Amazon's Home Services again; I'll stick with hiring my Rosie on the House certified contractors.  2:00pm I added this in response to the owners comment.  I can tell you for us the service was nothing like 100% satisfied. It doesn't do me any good to yell at a technician coming to my house for being 2.5 hours late, it does let me know that maybe the company I am working with isn't 100% reliable. It doesn't do me any good when I tell the tech that I have a screwdriver available to put that batteries in, and he says it's fine and goes home. It wouldn't have done me any good this morning to send the man away because he showed up without a ladder when I had one he could use. It definitely didn't do any good to ask your company to make the service call right, because then I had a tech show back up at my house to blame me for his inability to put in batteries, and properly test something he installed.  The good news is there are companies out there that go above and beyond to make things right. Amazon refunded us your service fee of 65.00 and for the remote within the hour when we emailed them. Personally, I was shocked that they would cover a fee, that should have never been charged. It wasn't Amazon's fault we picked the wrong company off of the list to have come to our home. None of that mattered to Amazon, they made it right, and did it quickly, securing our continued business with them for a very long time.  As for offering to put in the new remote for free well I think you can see how we might not think of that as a plus. The last one cost us part of the initial 80.00 (fan installation), and an additional 65.00 (due to reasons listed above).  I appreciate the quick response to my review but fixing the issue when I called and spoke to your company would have been better. Instead, I talked to someone on the phone that said she would talk with the owner, had a technician show back up at my house to argue the point (which is not great service or professional), and then got a call three minutes later to pay because you felt it was due regardless.  Again I can't say enough good things about Amazon for erasing most of what turned out to be a horrible experience.  2:37pm Finally made it back in my bedroom tried to turn on the fan to take a nap and it doesn't even turn on manually now.  2:55 After a little investigation it seems the tech wired the fan to a different wall switch for the light and the fan, which he didn't do before. We are hiring another company to check the work.
Me and the wife decide to try this place since it just opened up and right down the street from the house.  So far we have sampled the boneless wings and the fries. Both were amazing. We tried BBQ, Lemon, and the Original. All three sauces were good.   A large fry is a very generous size. The dips are a great price for the size, and depending on what you order are sometimes included.   Ordering online makes a nice easy trip to pick it up, both times my order was ready early.The staff was super friendly for both my stops. I hope this place stays open and grows in this location.  So if you haven't tried this place et give it a shot I think you will like it.
The food at Reynoso is always amazing the problem we have continued running into here is the service. Don't get me wrong the people are awesome and friendly it just takes forever to get anything done. We tried to go here a couple Sundays ago, we got in about 10:30 or 11 there were a few folks in front of us waiting even though the dinning room was empty. No big deal. So we put our name on the list watched the folks in front of us get seated then they seated a party of two that came in about ten minutes after us. We just turned around and left. It's a pattern of just horrible service, Once we waited about 20 minutes after we finished eating to get the check then she went up and paid while we waited for the waitress that dropped of the check to come back with boxes it took another 10 minutes. The always apologies and are super nice about it but it just isn't enough.   So after many years of loving Reynoso we have just decided not to bother it ends up stressing us out, and dinning out should be a relaxing experience.  If we want Mexican on the weekend we just make sure to stop by Rito's now that they have Saturday hours. You have to wait but the food is worth it and it's never a hassle.
I love this place! The coffee is awesome, the cappuccino's are outrageously good, and the baked goods are off the chain. I go here with my dad probably every other week. I'd go more if it wasn't about 25 minutes away from my house. Right now I can't have caffeine, but they have great cocoa, and berry smoothies. I could sit there all day and eat anything that they baked. Scones, and muffins, cookies and cake, oh my!  If you haven't been yet try it.
I have never been to a better place than this NextCare. We moved here from Virginia and in order to get established with our Primary Care here, our appointments werent for two-and-a-half months. Meanwhile my kids are getting sick or developing allergies and we have NextCare to the rescue! The staff gets it done fast and the copay is only $15 for us.they're so friendly we've never had an issue. Plus I've never heard of an Urgent Care having a call ahead feature where you could practically make your own appointments. Instead of waiting in the waiting room. I absolutely love this feature! I will always come back to this place.
We recently moved here from the east coast and I've never heard of a Dutch Brothers. I usually just go to Starbucks to get my black coffee. So when I saw this place near my house I said I'll try it out. But because of the long lines I was kind of hesitant but my sister urged me on. When I got up there I was greeted with a great smile and wonderful attitude and I never felt rushed. I could see why the lines were long but in all honesty when you're ordering your coffee with such a wonderful person and being engaged in a conversation without feeling rushed, the time went by and I didn't mind. I actually got my coffee for free because I was a first time customer. This totally drew me in. I felt so comfortable. I have come back ever since and every single time I'm greeted with the same attitudes and just wonderful people. While I was waiting in line it was during one of their shift changes and I saw them huddle in a group and I don't know if they were praying or just sending words of encouragement for each other butt this place is truly amazing the people they hire are truly amazing. I will always always come back to Dutch Brothers
I love a great wine happy hour....while walking from the West Side Market I came along this place because I was looking for somewhere to chill and relax...walked in and immediately the guy said hello and welcomed me in..."we have happy hour going on with a great selection of wines"...my kinda place. Great lounge music too! I'm liking Cleveland thus far on my 1 at visit here!
Ok so I'm from out of town and needed my car washed desperately. Found this place locally and uuuggg...$10 for an exterior wash and they don't even wipe the car down afterwards!! Will never go back! I asked the guy are they gonna at least wipe the car down, he said oh no we only do that at our other location! Ummmm u won't be seeing me here again!
I have checked prices at Most stores in las vegas and found they not only have the best selection but the very lowest prices one beats them on price and service they are awesome they have laminate engineered hardwood tile carpet and the lowest prices baseboard crown molding and trim About half the price if other stores
Great doctors. Very nice staff. On time, never a long wait. Dr. Akhter is very intelligent talks to his patient one of those doctors that just prescribe medication. You get the sence that he really wants to help you. The waiting room is very clean and nice. The assistants always take your vitals and make sure that you're in good health and that the medication isn't affecting you badly. They are very responsible and polite. Highly recommend this doctor!
The atmosphere is pretty good. The seats layout are comfortable. But the food was ok. Nothing really amazed me, little disappointed. We went there for my friends birthday and we mentioned while making reservation, but they didn't provide or greet us with any complimentary cake like other restaurants or say anything regard about the birthday to us.
The portion of their poke bowl is so much!!! I couldn't finish one by myself which is so worth the $14 compare to other poke place! I love their sauce and food are fresh! Definitely recommend to others. Will be one of my favourite dinner takeout place!   The owners are so nice by the way!
Tried out their walnut red bean cakes, I like it. I will say 4 stars. Others products are 3 stars. Still recommend to try if you never have a walnut cake like me.
Love the salsa!  Had to experiment with several.  I still like the more traditional choices better.  Call me old fashioned, But there was nothing wrong with the other ones they were delicious too. I ate La Condesa Veggie Burro.  yummy!  Horchata was one of the beverages available that I had to turn down so I can have a beer instead. Definitely coming back. The atmosphere is very unique as well with the paintings on the wall.  I was contemplating sitting outside but I decided sit inside instead.  If you're into tacos burritos more that's Authentic Mexican, then you should try this place.
I was starving!    I PAID. I ate.  I DID NOT DIE!  I was in heaven.  Until..I got full.  And I will do it again.  Too bad I eat the same each time.   My loss, pizza addiction to the same thing every time I order is not only a psychological problem, but a taste bud problem too.  I admit I am addicted to their pizza.  Thank you Papa for feeding me!  I just wish it was free like when I was little!
This place was absolutely fantastic! After reading both good & bad reviews about this place on yelp me & my husband decided to take a chance with this steakhouse. I was a little worried me being a african American girl I read a review that said this place was racist against black ppl. Absolutely Not! I got a different vibe from them. My husband is italian & although I did feel like the host at the front door who greeted us upon arrival & sat us down @ our seats was a little weird.  When she told us to enjoy our dinner she only told it to him not me, I mean literally looking him in his face, I almost felt imaginary lol. Idk maybe I was being too sensitive. Then when she sat us down she asked us if we wanted the small table sat for 2 or a bigger table set for 4. We choose the bigger table because the table for two was more for a table of 1 once you have food on it. We had to wait for the table to be cleaned off and set. We saw napkins forks & knives set on the table so my husband asked the lady if we could have a seat now, she then sarcastically said "glasses" as if he was dumb for not knowing that. After the table was set we had a seat & the lady apologized for the table not being ready upon our arrival. Our server was very nice & polite always checking up on us. I can't stand when your @ a resturant  & you have to look all over  for your sever. That was definitely not the case here. The food was excellent I got the brick chicken & my husband got the bone in rib eye steak. I'm usually not a steak person, like I don't even like Fogo De Chao. But the steak here @ this place was phenomenal!  I had the brick chicken & it was delicious so much flavor! Will definitely be back to visit this place next time I'm in Vegas! Go! You will not be disappointed
AmberLee Was AMAZING!! She was so polite & friendly food was great hash browns were really good!!
Great food, great atmosphere, great service, reasonable prices and the powdered donuts with raspberry jam are to die for. This was our first time dining here, and it was a very refreshing change from traditional steakhouse dining atmospheres. I almost forgot to mention that the "Steaks" are way too tender!!! (LOL), the steaks really are the most tender I have ever ate.
We are staying at the Courtyard by Marriott across the street. This place is a hidden secret because its located in the University Hospital (Street floor - Seidman Cancer Center). There are very few choices fro a quick (good) breakfast in the area. We have had a great breakfast here every morning for the last week.
Great place to eat. I enjoyed the authentic Mexican food. Clean and courteous service. Food was delicious.
We were in town for medical treatment at the Cleveland Clinic. Some past clients of mine In Arizona sent me a Facebook message to check this place out. We really enjoyed the experience! Highly recommend going.
Wow! This is quite a Fry's store! I a had no idea there was this many different kinds of food. The service is unbelievable - more helpful than any grocery store I have ever been in!
Great place to eat - the owner came right up to our table. He introduced him self and gave us a spoon fu ll of black bean pasta to try. Love the personal service!
My wife and I have recently ate here twice in the same week. Love the atmosphere, Great food, prices are reasonable, happy hour is fun with great specials and decent discounts. Oh, the service was great as well!
These guys did a radiator flush for me a few days ago - The manger was the one that helped me - he was fantastic!
If you have to go to the emergency room or be in the hospital - This would be one of your better places to choose! The new waiting area is very nice, the rooms are always clean and the medical staff is top notch!
Our 74 yr old neighbor lady "Lavonne" recommended this restaurant to us! Lavonne is a born and raised "Arizonan" (not to many of those around). She has never steered us wrong and has gave us many great restaurant recommendations and, this restaurant is I believe the best she has ever recommended to us.   Energized atmosphere, great food, excellent service and price is just fine for a steak restaurant.  The cheesy garlic bread is the best I have ever had. We will go back here just like Lavonne and her late husband again and again and again - and next time we will bring Lavonne who has not been back since her husband died 4yrs ago!
This is a great BBQ place to eat. It's one of those unique - reasonably priced places to take guests.
Very nice Hotel. Reasonable prices close to the Cleveland Clinic (about a mile) we have stayed her 16 nights. Met all the front desk staff including the valet staff. Everyone was very nice and provided excellent service.
It's hard for me to relax at anything and it's hard for me to just sit around. My daughter and my wife took me here for fathers day 2012. Never had I enjoyed going to a movie as much as I did going here. It is more expensive than other movie theaters but, when we go to ipic for a movie it feels like we have been on a great date! The food is expensive but is very good. This will become a frequent date night spot for me and my wife!
This is a fun place for a drink and bite to eat! The food is great and the beer is cheap!
I found this dentist about 2 yrs ago. He is a great dentist - a nice guy - and good conversation between numbing and drilling (lol).
Great pizza place. Good pizza, nice staff. We really the crispy crust. One of our favorite Sunday evening places to eat!
Chompie's for breakfast! There breakfast is great - the service is always good and their "corned beef hash" is the best!
Joe tint has now tinted both of my cars and now my neighbors. He makes it real easy by coming right to your house or place of business and all for about 1/2 of most window tinters!
My wife and I went here for an early dinner tonight. I had some dietary requests. When the food got to our table one of the requests were not met. I decided to just accept it the way it came. When our waiter Colby came to check on us a few minutes later he noticed, and insisted that he get it fixed. A few minutes later the manger showed up and apologized for the error. WOW guys! this is what Old Fashioned Customer Service is all about. Thank you for a enjoyable dinner.
Very pleased with  the services.  We were first time home buyers and were nervous about the whole legal process. Mr. Sohi went through all the documentation with us and answered all of our questions. Mr. Sohi and his staff ensured our closing went smoothly.
My dog, Walker, loves going here. I feel like they do a very good job keeping an eye on all the dogs and knowing about their unique personalities and quirks. Plus, they take time to know the dog owners too, which is important. I'll keep taking my dog here because it's a good value, nice people, and they make Walker feel like a celebrity every time he walks in the door.
Their tans are great but the customer service is not. I have been a customer for years but will no longer be going back because of the poor customer service.
Great customer service. I had them install a stereo in my 16 year old SUV and because the car was older, the new stereo sound wasn't great. They worked on it four times trying to fix it, even came to my work since I couldn't make it to their shop. Ultimately, they couldn't fix it so they reinstalled the original and gave me a full refund. I was surprised with how much time and effort they put into helping me solve the problem and they were professional and understanding the whole time. I highly recommend working with this company because they truly stand behind their word.
Tim has been watching my dog since he was about 2 months old. Recently, my dog got a little sick and I had no idea what to do or what was wrong. Tim totally walked me through the process and helped guide me through what to expect when your dog isn't feeling well. He even offered to look through all the labels on my dog's food and treats to look for any ingredients that could cause allergies. He called me with updates on my dog while I was at work, since he knew how nervous I was. This is my first dog so knowing that I have Tim and APC to guide me and communicate with me, is a huge relief. The amazing part of this story is that I really didn't feel like a burden to Tim. I know how much he cares about my dog and that he would show any of his clients this much compassion.  I really can't say enough positive things about the company. It's hard to trust someone with your pets, but I really do trust Tim and Absolute Pet Care!
Such a great experience! They were very professional about calling ahead and giving time estimates. They helped me move in an hour and I was surprised with how polite they were. Also, they were affordable. I'll be using them again!
DELICIOUS burgers and shakes! Had the 1842 burger and it was great. Service was pretty good for being busy but I was upset the happy hours specials only apply if you are seated at the bar since I was with a decent size group of people. Biggest downside is that a few of us had some stomach problems after... not sure if it was a bad batch of burgers or what. Perhaps order a more well-done burger just in case.
The restaurant ambiance was great.  The menu is extensive, including food, wine and beer.  Our service was bad.  We had reservations at 6:00 and were seated promptly.  Our waitress took our drink order, and it took her about 20 minutes to deliver the drinks.  We order our dinner promptly, sensing that it might take a while.  However, we weren't counting on it taking an hour and fifteen minutes.  During this wait, our waitress never checked back, nor did a manager stop by.  When we received our entrees, we ordered another round of drinks; this time it took the waitress 25 minutes to deliver a beer and a glass of wine.  At the end of our meal, we sat there waiting for the check and eventually had to flag down a manager in order to pay.  I will say that the food was good, although not as hot as it should have been.  All in all, this was a marginal experience, and we will probably not return.
The complete dining experience was great !    Staff were delighted to be part of the experience and requests were attending to without delay.     Atmosphere that included local artists work and original design left me in a great mood.    Can't wait for next time.
Drive by and place caught my friends eye.    Server was a delight and the Food all freshly prepared was FANTASTIC !       A must visit restaurant in roncesvalles
Great meal out !   I've never had the pleasure of trying Turkish pizza but gotta say it was yummy.   The young lady working the front was engaging and truly a pleasure.
Delightful date night with a great friend.    Immediately felt welcome and settled in.   Two male staff were kind, attentive and very aware of their environment.     Drinks and food were timed perfectly felt attended to but un rushed Must return again soon (please excuse grammatical errors)
Surprise find I shall return to as often as possible.  Yummy food and attentive staff that truly cared about my dining experience.    Can't help but totally recommend this place!
Great food, excellent cocktails!! Very unique dishes, and thoughtful drink ingredients. Staff are excellent at helpful with all choices. What a gem on Spadina!!
Yummy authentic food.     Shy but very kind staff that truly were happy to show off their cooking
Wonderful experience this evening.  Fried green tomatoes made my mouth water dance with joy.  Platter for two was fantastic and dessert was a great finish with a Macchiato that was just right ! The only thing better was my company.
Generous and tasty portions.   Definitely a local hot spot worth tying.    Company wasn't too bad either !  :)
Enjoyed lunch with friends. The food was fantastic, I really enjoyed the mussels. Cozy bistro, unhurried, warm service from staff. Shall definitely return.
Having ventured out for quiet meal.... I stumbled (sober) on this little hot spot.      The Friendliest and genuinely nicest of welcomes had me relaxed in seconds.    Sir Matthew shared menu options and got me settled in for a delightful dining experience.  (Pizza and salad and a raspberry wheat beer).    Exactly what I needed this eve !
Best Salon in Edinburgh!
Food and service were good. Delicious green curry and coconut pineapple ice cream dessert this visit. Will come again!
We really enjoy the food here, but service was poor due to lack of adequate staff. They recently expanded the restaurant, which was sorely needed, but appear have failed to hire more staff and cooks, which makes for an even longer wait than usual.  Would give this place 5 stars for cuisine, 2 stars for service. I would like aknowledge the staff in service since they tried their best.
We had an excellent brunch today at Dragonfly Cafe.  Service was excellent, we had our 2 year old daughter and they brought her out special toys to play with and made sure we had everything we needed for her.  Service like this makes all the difference in the world when eating out with kids.  Kids meal was huge and they only charged $3.50, a great deal for kids.   I had the cinnamon pecan multi-grain pancakes and they were great.  Not a light and fluffy pancake if that's what you are looking for, they were hearty and filling, great flavor.  My husband got a chicken, apple, cranberry salad with this amazing poppyseed dressing.  I've never seen anything like this dressing - completely clear in color with except the poppy seeds in it, but tasted like any other poppyseed dressing.  Salad was fresh, crisp, and very filling.  Chicken has amazing flavor.  They have all locally grown, organic products and hormone free meat.  Everything seems fresh and was prepared well.    I'd highly recommend this place anytime for a good, quick, easy breakfast or lunch.  It's worth your time to stop in and check it out.    Other pluses: cute patio outside but it was too hot today to sit out there.
We went for the evening after 4 pm price and that was plenty of time to walk through before they closed. We stayed about 2.5 hours. The turning sea carousel at the end was really amazing.  We really enjoyed the otters, penguins, and sloth (yes a sloth).  My kids 3 & 8 were the perfect ages.  I think the price should be around $20 for what you get, I'm very glad we didn't pay full price, that is way too much.  $39.00 for something that lasts a couple of hours is pretty steep to me.   Also note - we had disappointed kids because on summer nights you pay $25 and get a $10 voucher so we told them each they could pick out something in the gift shop.  The vouchers only work for stores outside the aquarium. It is not clear on the signs or on the tickets themselves if you aren't familiar with the name of the area.  That left us with a southwest gift shop or restaurants, so they were disappointed.
Love this place! If I ever have international guests I will always take them here. It's so much fun and the food is amazing! I love the natto, chicken udon, and any sashimi. Make sure to get a round of sake bombs, they're always fun.
Love this place. Definitely get the tasting platter and pida (it's freshly made in house!). The portions are quite generous and we always have left overs to take home. I love their desserts too!   Souk tabule is so beautiful inside and never too busy so perfect place to catch up friends without having to yell over loud music or lots of people. A great addition to Canary district.
My favourite restaurant in toronto. The produce is always fresh and the flavours are so unique and exciting. I love their signature salad and all their sashimi. I had chicken there last night and it was the best chicken I've ever had. It was so juicy and the skin crisp. So devastated it's closing down but hopefully bigger and better things are to come
I liked this place.  The food was good, the service was good, the location was good...but it was deserted the Friday evening my friends and I went.    I don't know what all those missing people thought they knew, but I suspect they were mistaken.
I botched the reservation.  It was my wife's birthday dinner and I botched it, reserving a place the evening before and not realizing it until we arrived the following night and they didn't have us on the list.  It was a one hour wait to get seated.  The woman at the front of the house told us we could sit at the bar if we wanted to get in faster, and my wife, disappointed, lamented that she didn't want to spend her birthday dinner experience at a barstool.  And...they fit us in.  Like...within five minutes.  Straight across the board the wait staff was top notch, and added special little touches to make it a nice night for my wife.  Loved the wagyu beef carpaccio appetizer.   Really enjoyed the lobster bisque Was a little disappointed in the "special" (more in a minute) Thoroughly enjoyed the birthday dessert they brought my wife gratis.  What was going to make this a three star review (but I thought better of it) was the entree special, which was a NY strip with a Gorgonzola cheese sauce with a red wine reduction.  The reduction was sweet.  TOO sweet for me.  I didn't like how it paired with the cheese sauce OR the steak.  The steak was cooked just right, but was a little tough, and I had to cut a couple inedible pieces off.  I'm not sure whether to chalk that up to not awesome steak, or just my lack of experience with Strip steak vs. Filet.  When i looked back over the evening, the only thing they didn't nail was the sauce on the steak (and arguably the meat, but really...come on) and although it's a place that is KNOWN for its steak, I think a 4 start rating is deserved.
This is my favorite Chinese place in Pittsburgh.    I typically stick with any spicy brown sauce...hunan, szechuan, kung pao...but here I branch out a little. Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.    My wife measure Kung Pao Chicken relative to this place.  So far every other chinese restaurant in our area comes up as "it's not as good as..."    Nice atmosphere.  Weird location.
Just got together with some friends to have appetizers and drinks. There is a nice beer list, and the drinks were good. Enjoyed the appetizers, specifically...The balls. Try the balls they are delicious.   I got a grilled cheese that was pretty good. I like the Market Square location too. The only thing keeping this from the fourth star was the fact that it was an 85 day outside and if there was air conditioning at all then it was maybe cooling the inside temp down to 83.   Eventually had to leave to cool off.
Why did this have to suck so much?  The sign. . . have you seen the sign?  It's AWESOME!  I wanted to be able to judge this book by its cover.  I could not.  Guests from out of town wanted to experience a restaurant with local flair.  What better way to do that than visit a place where even the spelling of the name smacks of Pittsburgh?  Turns out. . . lots of better ways.    First, let me start on a good note.  There are really awesome things about this restaurant.  These things, while not awesome enough to slide the scale from a two star review to a three or four, ironically made our evening less memorable.  Ironic, because if everything about this restaurant had sucked, at least we all would have looked back on that indelible memory and said, "This restaurant experience was the worst in my life."  But it wasn't.  The sign is great.  The decor is cool.  The location is fantastic.  The food is actually really good too.  But the service was awful.  Amateurish.  WHY would you pay for this location and go through the trouble of making really good food, only to have your wait staff stumble and blunder through every meal to the point where it eclipses the experience and THEN some.  Some low-lights:   No greeter at the door.  The bartender told us she'd be right back.  We waited about five minutes before she showed up.  We had reservations, but the place was half empty.    Despite being half empty, we were shown to a table RIGHT next to another full table.  I don't like eating on top of other people.  We asked to move.  No water with dinner, unless asked.  Specialty drink came with basil in it (the selling feature for my sister-in-law, who thought it sounded kind of neat). . . the drink arrived without it.  When she inquired she was told they were out of basil.    The wine order was botched twice.  The drinks came slow.  Verrry slow.  We quipped that perhaps it was because the place was so busy, but at the point we were placing our order, the half of the restaurant that was full emptied out for what I assume was a show, and we occupied one of perhaps three tables in the place.  Nevertheless. . . slow.  At the end of the meal I remarked upon how great the sauce with my pasta was.  I lamented the lack of bread on the table.  We inquired. . . they had it all prepared, just never brought it.  The bread was AWESOME.  Sooo simple to put the bread on the table.    The waitress was very friendly. . . just. . . clueless.  It's like they spend a million (or whatever) on a restaurant start-up then ran out of money and had to hire relatives to work strictly for tips.    The two star rating for yelp says, "meh.  I've experienced better."  And I have.  All over downtown Pittsburgh.  As I was telling my wife before we left, I really liked the food there, but I really like the food a lot of other places too.  There's no reason for me to go back there when I can get food I like just as much somewhere that pays for competent waitstaff.
Alright...this is a bit of a mixed bag review-wise...not because there is some good and bad, but because...well...read the review.  It was my birthday...or a few days later.  A friend and I were celebrating.  Smallman Galley was on my "list" to try.  I didn't know what to expect.  But I think I had in my mind a vision of what this "chef incubator" was going to be.    Things I didn't expect:  picnic table seating, 4 "store fronts", people lined up ordering from the counter.  So...go into it with that expectation.  I kind of love the idea of the place, but if you were thinking to woo your lady love (or man love, whatevs) with a candle-lit dinner in a cozy restaurant with amazing service...well, you'd  miss the mark.  I had to wait.  My friend was late.  I was sitting at the bar, so I didn't really care.  I perused the menu.  First drink that popped out at me was a Primus song.  "Jerry Was a Race Car Driver" reportedly had:  Amara Sfumato Rabarbaro, Aperol, Genepy des Alpes, pluot syrup, and La Croix.    First impressions:  I don't know what any of those things are.  Not one.  Hadn't heard of them.  Hadn't had them.  Didn't know how to pronounce them.  The only word I recognized was "syrup".  I vaguely recalled 'des' might have meant "of" in friench.  Or Belgian.  Whatever.  Completely incomprehensible drink while you wait for a friend?  TAKE ALL MY MONEY!  It was really good.  Served in a tall glass with a lemon garnish, I sat and drank my fancy unpronouncably ingrediented drink in suave sophistication.  I texted a picture to my friend.  "You're there already?"  Yeah...because that's when we said we'd meet.    Whatever.  I finished that drink and went two lines up on the drink menu.  "Vilified"  This promised brown butter-washed bourbon, sage-sweet potato syrup, and black walnut bitters.  So much effort went into this drink.  Who do they get to wash the bourbon in brown butter?  How many natives died making the sage-sweet potato syrup?  And I don't even know how you make a bitter let alone a black walnut bitter.  This drink was described so pretentiously I had to lie to the bartender and tell him my name was Thurston J. Howell before he'd pour it for me.  It was great.  I would have had another.  Wait...I did have another.  I think.  Things were starting to get a little...hazy.  It had an orange garnish.  It didn't photograph well.   I texted a picture of vilified to my friend.  "What?  You're on your second drink?"  I was.  "You're going to be hammered by the time I get there."  I was.  Whatever.  I finished that drink and and moved on to "Cyco Vision".  Redemption rye, Yellow Chartreuse, pistachio orgeat, lemon, cardamom bitters, egg white.  And listen...I'm a sucker for egg whites in my drink.  I can't explain why.  Rye?  Awesome.  Yellow Chartreuse?  Confusing.  Orgeat?  Let's be honest.  When I got to orgeat it sounded like orgy and I might have chuckled to myself and just ordered the drink because of the orgeat.  I don't even know what orgeat is.  But...it also reminded me of Xergiok from Adventure Time.  I had to have this drink.    I had this drink.  It was good.  It was honestly my least favorite of the three but it was good.  I took a picture...it looked like a malt.  Served in a wide goblet, It had a thick foam on top and the bartender drew a little design with ...maybe with the orgeat...I don't know.  Fancy!    I texted my friend the picture.  "Jesus, I'm almost there, slow down!"  I did.    And then my friend arrived and I recommended the Vilified and she hated it, so I drank hers and she took the "Superman" that I ordered, which was good, but I wasn't in love with it.    And then the bartender accidentally made someone another drink and it wasn't what he ordered and so she was going to dump it, but I said, "What do you do with a drink when it's the wrong one?" and she said, "Dump it, unless you want it."  I did.  I don't even know what it was.  I think it was good. It's not completely clear.  And so now...Well now I've had five or six drinks in an hour and a half and I'm pretty much open for business, but it's time to eat, because god forbid we drink on an empty stomach.  TOO LATE!! IT WAS TOO LATE!!  But I walked past the previously-mentioned store fronts on my way to the bathroom and brought back a few ideas...  We ended up eating shrimp and grits (fairly certain this was delicious, but I have no idea which place I got it from) and poutine (again...and again).  So...I guess the mixed bag is that 1)  I really don't have a clear memory of the food.  I know it was good.  I just don't know where I got it, but 2) I have a very strong sense of the drink menu.  And it was a good drink menu.    Go for drinks!  I will be back.  What I remember of the food was that it was really good.  I know what to expect (no waitress, first come first serve seating, picnic table style).  Outstanding place to go with a group of friends and just sort of sprawl out across a picnic table and drink and try new foods.
This review has a qualifier... I haven't eaten IN this restaurant in probably close to 10 years. But...when I want a break from my weekly Asian takeout, I often find myself ordering take-out from Bocktown.  Every time I walk in to pick up my food I think to myself, "I like this place.  It's got a nice atmosphere, a huge beer selection, and I think it would be fun to hang out here for happy hour outside."   And then I take my food back to my office and eat it and think, "this is really good, I should go there and eat in the restaurant for a change."  But I don't. I have short-term memory issues. Also, it's in a really weird location.  Maybe this review will help me remember.   So the qualifier is, although I can vouch for the food, and I can speak to the atmosphere of the restaurant itself, I haven't eaten there for a long time and don't know what sort of service experience to expect. I do know that when I pick up my food, the staff is always very friendly.  I will be returning here for happy hour and to dine in... As soon as I can remember it.
Blah.  This is another newish addition to Robinson that I had high hopes for, but has constantly underwhelmed me.  They can make a good burger.  I mean...they CAN.  They may not however.  I've had four burgers there and I'm 1 for 4.   Love the decor.  Edison bulbs are my jam.  I haven't done the smoked whiskey thing, which I guess is a big selling point.  Can't pass judgment on THAT.  I had a friend tell me it was good.   The food, to be fair isn't BAD.  It's just not good.  What is good...the filament fries.  Specifically the truffle oil and Gorgonzola filament fries.  Delicious.  So maybe come here for drinks and fries after you've already eaten dinner somewhere else.
This restaurant takes over the ol' Burger 21 place that occupied the venue for about 6 months to a year.  The signs for burgers shakes and fries on the bright red awnings are painted over with black.   The interior is definitely malt shop chic, an asian fusion restaurant possessing the body of a burger joint, still, they make it work...the shake counter is now a sushi bar.    There are some growing pains it would seem.  When I walked in it took what felt like an awkwardly long time for the young man behind the register to glance up at me from what he was working on (phone?).  It may have only been 30 seconds, but when you're standing in front of someone who doesn't look up, it seems like forever.    The place was relatively empty.  The booths lining the walls were filled but the interior tables were vacant.  He surprised me when he seated me by saying he wanted to place me at a table by the window so he wouldn't forget about me.    He gave me the menu...and then appeared to forget about me.    I overheard him telling nearly every customer thank you for your patience, but it honestly didn't take long once I'd placed my order to get my food.    They must have been short staffed, he returned to tell me that the sushi chef was helping in the kitchen so it would be a few more minutes until I got my Arizona rolls, but my shrimp pad thai arrived relatively quickly.    They brought my sushi out...but it was someone else's.  They then brought the right order and it was delicious.  So ultimately...the pad thai was good.  The sushi rolls were good.  They did that thing that I hate where they left the tails on the shrimp so I had to pick them up with  my fingers to remove the tails, but I couldn't tell if it was on purpose.  There were probably six or so shrimp and maybe three of them had tails on and three did not.  So either they're inconsistent in their preparation, or they leave the tails on...either way, room for improvement.  The taste of all of my food was really good.    When I got up to pay my bill the server again apologized for the wait and thanked me for my patience, noting that...as I could see...everyone came all at once.  But...it was still just as half full as it had been when I showed up.    Whatever the reason for the apologies and waits and incorrect orders, they were all minor issues.  The food was good.  The price was reasonable.  The "wait" was not long.  I think maybe just a little inexperience on the part of the staff and possibly a no-show in the kitchen.  No reason to turn you away from trying them out.    I would definitely go back for a casual lunch or dinner.  Not really a date-worthy place, but a good work lunch atmosphere.
I guess when you're a vegan restaurant it's important that people know you're a vegan restaurant.  You know...so the vegans know how to find you.  And...bear with me here...that makes sense.  But Apteka isn't a good vegan restaurant.  Or...perhaps it's more accurate to say instead, Apteka isn't JUST a good VEGAN restaurant.  It's a good restaurant.  Yeah...there's no meat on the menu.  Or...you know...dairy or eggs or fish and stuff.   So I suppose if you're dining with someone that REQUIRES meat.  Like...like Count Dracula for example.  If you and the Count are dining, this is a bad selection.  But apart from Count Dracula, or other people...like those too hidebound to attempt something with the "Vegan" label...this is a good restaurant.  No additional qualifiers required.  Secondly...I sampled four cocktails from their bar.  All from the menu (before you think, ugh, Jesus, Jim, not another drunk review...one of the drinks was just a taste of my date's drink).  And they were each better than the last.  REALLY well balanced nicely thought out drinks.  Can't really go wrong.    The pierogies were excellent.  The tartines were superb.  The Boczniaki z kapusta was good, not great...the cabbage was a little clunky to eat.  It resisted my efforts to cut it into mouthful sized pieces.  The flavors were nice though.  We capped our evening with the "special sandwich".  We just saw it pass our table too many times not to give it a try.  It didn't disappoint.  Our server was a menacing looking fellow all betatted and armful with a perpetual scowl.  Which sounds like a bad thing, but if you asked him a question he would just light up like a kid at christmas and tell you ALL THE THINGS, beaming and gushing and very knowledgable and the contrast was so friggin' delightful that I kept asking him stuff to watch him transform over and over from menacing to kid-at-christmas and back again.  Probably the biggest criticism I have to the place is that it's lit in a way that is not conducive to artful pictures.  You know we MUST have pictures of our food.  And no matter which way we positioned glasses or seats or plates...there was always some weird shadow.    Work on it, Apteka.  The people must post.  Anyway...I'll be back.  Meat or no meat.
This is a local favorite of mine that I visited for lunch.  I'd only ever had dinner there.   Food was good, waiter was great, atmosphere was clean and warm and sort of. . . upscale casual.  My wife wanted someplace "quaint" to eat, but after visiting several quaint options. . . defaulted to an old standby.  Old standby is a slap in the face.  We love Sonoma.  So we visit it more than most other nice restaurants.    Anyway, soft music playing in the background, a cold sauvignon blanc to compliment my vietnamese pork po-boy. . . it was a very nice lunch.
I like burgers.  I like the unique 'botique'-burger treatment that Burgatory gives its burgers.  I will keep coming back...but...  I've had a mixed bag of experiences.  Half so-so, and half really good.    In general I'd say my so-so experiences are characterized by an overdone, dry burger.  That's a pretty big deal for a place in Burgatory's price point, selling gourmet versions of the Five Guys burger next door.  I mean, what's to keep you coming to get a so-so burger at twice the price?  In addition to that, about 2/3 of the time the chips they serve with the burgers taste stale.  I'm not sure if they make them ahead or not.  They just taste like they did.    Finally...the fortune cookie.  It's never NOT been stale.    My really good experiences are when the burger is well cooked (not cooked well...if you get my meaning), and the chips are crisp and fresh.  I can overlook the stale fortune cookie...I mean it's not why I'm there.  The shakes are great (but too filling for me in general) and I have complaints about the staff.  If you visit, I hope it's on a 'really good' day.
I read an article, I think it was an online version of Pittsburgh magazine, "50 foods you need to try in Pittsburgh", something like that...that said I should try the thin Man sandwich here.  So one afternoon I stopped in to try it. This is not a commercialized chain restaurant with gleaming fixtures and professionally decorated interior.  I can't even speculate what this space was before it was The Thin Man Sandwich Shop.   The space lends itself to take out versus dining in. I don't know that I mean that as a criticism. I actually dined in the shop, and it was fine. It's just a weird space. It's not immediately obvious whether or not you can even sit to eat your sandwich because the seating is upstairs and once you climb the stairs there are maybe only four tables... So there might not be any place to sit even if there are only four people in the restaurant.  So I tried the sandwich, as commanded by the online article. Because I do what I'm told.  From the menu:  Chicken Liver Mousse, Local Bacon, Endive, Red Wine Vinaigrette, Baguette  I was definitely intrigued. I don't think I've ever had a sandwich with that combination of flavors on it.  About the bread: it's the kind of crunchy baguette bread that when you rip it makes a crackling sound... Like actual homemade bread with the crust... so I think people who like that sort of bread will be really psyched that they make that bread there in the shop. I am not as big a fan of it on a sandwich. I felt like it made the sandwich dry.  But I am aware I might be in the minority there. I think if this was a bread review I would say, man that's some good bread. But I find that baguettes cut into my gums when I'm trying to take a bite of a sandwich where they don't when I'm just eating them on their own.   The chicken liver mousse makes the sandwich what it is. I'm a huge bacon fan, but the bacon was just tough enough that it made it difficult to get consistent bites that had bacon, mousse, and endive and so when I did get all the flavors combined the sandwich was really great, but I often didn't because I would pull big chunks of bacon out with each bite and then my next bite would have no bacon in it and just the taste of the mousse.   That's not necessarily a bad thing, because it's a really great taste, and very unique on a sandwich. I was frustrated a bit by how inconsistent the sandwich was just from a practical standpoint, but the flavor combination is really great.  This whole review sounds so negative, but it really isn't. I enjoyed the sandwich, there were just little minutia that made it not as great as the article had hyped it.   So apart from the ticky-tacky sandwich logistic critiques, the flavor of the sandwich was like nothing I had ever had before, and it was totally worth trying. I will definitely return, and I probably will order something else from the menu just to see what unique spin on flavor they come up with for that. Every sandwich on their menu intrigued me, and honestly if the article hadn't commanded me to try it I would have tried a different one.  If I were to maximize my experience, I think I would suggest ordering takeout and finding a nice place to eat it. Maybe with a knife. Or different bread.
We had decided to buy an iPad, so I was very excited to go to the Apple store and buy it.  It was a bit of an anticlimax though.  After dropping almost a thousand dollars on the thing, I didn't find the good people at the Apple store to be particularly helpful or accommodating.    They had a "personal setup" guy who was responsible for me and another guy.  The other guy was more clueless than I was, so he (the Apple Personal Setup "expert") ended up spending the majority of his time helping him.  As a result, when I encountered problems I didn't really get the understanding and helpful ear that I'd expected from a store supposedly known for their customer service.    The problems I solved for myself snowballed into other problems and at one point the personal setup guy consulted another guy, and when neither knew the answer he said, "I don't really know what to do here," then turned back to the clueless guy, who was less inconvenient to help.  I eventually solved my own problem, but my personal setup guy took his lunch break.  So I packaged up my ipad. . . went behind the counter, got my own Apple store bag, slipped it inside and left.    I was reminded of the South Park episode where it's Christmas, and all the kids in South Park are consumed with opening and playing with their presents and they show a cutaway of Jesus (who on South Park is an actual character (or used to be)) sitting all alone with a party hat on singing "Happy Birthday to Me" mournfully.    Stupid Apple store.  On top of that, they used my patch cord from my Ipad box (I've since learned this isn't SOP) and when I boxed everything up I forgot the patch cord in the stupid store.  If I bring my receipt back to the store they said they'd give me another one.  Fantastic.
I've been trying to make it to a 'gourmet' hot dog place in Pittsburgh ever since I visited one in Chicago.    I loved the menu.  Some great drink options as well.  Got there late-ish.  Maybe 9:00 on a Saturday.  Looked like a nice crowd, but no wait.  Got good service and really enjoyed the food.  I got the Pittsburgh dog, (pierogie and slaw) and loved it.  Kind of a primanti's goes to Poland feel.  Vinegar slaw with red cabbage paired well.    Poutine (Quebecois) had a lot of pepper and thyme, but on a cold winter night it hit the spot.  From the bar, I got a "Nuts for Fall"...house alond bourbon, house cinnamon apple shrub, bourbon barrel aged maple syrup, Peychaud's.  It was good, but not great, and I was already mildly intoxicated.  I figured I'd quit while I was ahead and left half of it behind.  It was a nice departure from some of the haute cuisineries (yeah...I'm sticking with that) I've been frequenting lately, and proves you don't have to be fancy to be good.
Alright, before Yelp was a glimmer in my eye, I shopped at Home Depot.  It is, as my three star review suggests, A-OK with me, though I'm seemingly pathologically incapable of leaving there without spending at least $100.    There's always been ONE area of their services that caused me great consternation, however, and that was their automated tank exchange kiosk system.  I recently returned to Home Depot to exchange my grill's propane tank and see that they have solved this problem uniquely and ingeniously, by placing an "Out of Order - See Attendant Inside" sign on it.  I believe that sign has been on it for two years now.  The following "review" was written pre-Yelp, but sums up my "automated propane exchange" experience.  I don't recommend it, unless YOUR Home Depot has implemented the above solution.  -----------------  Home Depot in its wisdom has streamlined their propane exchange process. Now, instead of the old antiquated method of telling the cashier that you want to exchange your propane tank and having that person walk out with you and unlock a tank and take yours and let you go. . . they offer this high tech alternative:  You pay for the exchange at the counter. The cashier hands you a receipt. You exit the building and walk to the exchange kiosk outside the building. If you are a dumbass you are not wearing a coat because you don't expect to be long. It will probably be close to freezing. You approach the kiosk and try to figure out what to do. A short video will show you a person taking his receipt and folding it over a credit card, then sliding it through a card reader. You will perform this action and it will rip your receipt in half. You will continue to perform this until a locked but empty gate automatically swings open. You will place your tank in the empty cage slide it into place and close the cage. You will return to the kiosk when nothing else happens. It will ask you whether you have another tank to exchange. You will say no. The kiosk will thank you for depositing your empty tank. No full tank will subsequently appear.  At first you'll think this is an error, but it is just part of the streamlined process Home Depot is offering.   You will walk back into the building and summon a cashier who will then tell you to wait for someone outside. You will return, coatless, to the outside for several minutes, waiting. The wind will pick up.  When help arrives you will present your receipt to him just like you did before the streamlined process. He will take your receipt and double it over a credit card. He will swipe it through the card reader you previously used and rip your receipt into thirds. Subsequent swipes will open the exact same locked compartment you previously filled. The helper will look slightly perplexed at this, but when you tell him that yes, this IS the tank you just deposited he will nod knowingly, ask you to shut the door again and observe nothing happen.   The helper will then swipe your receipt again, and observe another empty cage open. He will ask you to shut it. When you shut it, the cage you previously filled with your tank will open. He will then close it himself, take out a key, open something, push a button or two, mutter, then return to the kiosk. Once more he will swipe your receipt. you will no longer be able to feel your toes. The cage holding the empty tank you returned to Home Depot will open a fourth time. The helper will ask you to remove the tank and replace it, apparently in a nod to my IT department's standard Help Desk solution, "turn it off and turn it on again to fix nearly every computer problem.". You will then close the door and the door to another compartment will open. You will then retrieve the full tank and carry it to the car very carefully in light of your inability to feel your fingers.  All in all it seems like a lot better process. I noticed that not EVERY Home Depot has implemented this time saver. Perhaps they're piloting the process at mine. It's awesome. Really.
I ordered pickup shrimp pad Thai, which is I suppose my weed-out meal for Thai places.  It was good.  But...different.  I've never had sweet (almost like honey had been added) pad Thai before.  And it wasn't SWEET...but there was a sweetness too it.  No lime.  No cilantro.  I was surprised.  It was still good, but not really something I'd order again.  That said...it's like 5 minutes from my house!!    So I have to go back and try it again.  Pad Thai is just one thing.  Maybe their curry is out of this world?  Maybe sweet pad Thai is like the most authentic pad Thai there is, and all these other haters have been making theirs wrong.  I don't know.  I'm not Thai.  It was good, but not...what I expected (wanted).  They put together some fun decor on the inside, but it's pretty small.  As I looked through the other reviews I saw pictures that looked completely different than what I saw...is there a back room or something?  The outside was a little messy.  A couple was outside dining when I picked up my food.  It was pretty much the first nice day of the spring, and maybe they just haven't cleaned up the front of the place...unless green plastic "Little Tikes" turtle sandboxes leaning against the side of the building are some sort of Thai decor about which I'm ignorant.  Cleaning up a bit when the warmer weather is more consistent will make this a decent outdoor dinner experience.    BYOB.    I'll be back for the curry and the convenience, and I'll add a star if the next thing I order is better than the first thing.
Okay, this is my second visit to Mediterrano, the first being maybe a week or two after they opened, and BY (before Yelp).   So fast forward to present. . . months later. My wife and I are seated in the empty restaurant (we got there slightly before noon).   Let me hit the high points first. . . the gyro pitas? Great. The lamb was tender, seasoned nicely, REALLY hit the spot. Comfort food Greek style. Served with a huge plate of fries seasoned in salt with crumbled feta on them. It's nicely appointed. . . a surprise coming off the seeming depression era end of Babcock replete with its laundromats, beer distributors and auto repair places.   That was the HARD stuff though. The EASY stuff was. . . well not awesome. Waitress seemed very green. My wife's HM (high-maintenance) order of gyro sans tomato and onion was duplicated on my order, and the waitress seemed pretty content to let it sit on the table, even suggesting perhaps I try it without the onions and tomato to see if maybe I'd ALSO like it that way. She was EXTREMELY friendly. . . just. . . that's not really superb table-waiting protocol. . . you know?   When I asked what the soup of the day was, she said she didn't know then asked (in a very friendly way) if I'd like her to find out. Yes. I DID want her to find out what the soup of the day was. . . how else would I know whether I wanted to order it?   It was cold cucumber and yogurt soup, and to be frank, it was REALLY good. Again, the hard stuff is getting the food to taste really good. They DID that.   When she refilled my sprite it was flat. And I HATE being that guy that sends everything back. Hate it. But the order was wrong and the Sprite was flat. That's EASY stuff. Get the order right and make sure the Sprite's carbonated. . . the food was AWESOME.   I'll come back. I consider this table waiting debacle a fluke. The food was great. I just can't give it more than the three stars I've rated it in good conscience based on the experience.
I thought this was a beer store.  It is.  But...it's more.  It's a "beer bar".  I guess.  Okay, so what differentiates this place from any other beer store...  Selection Staff Perks  So the selection is ridiculous.  If you're a beer lover, you'll be the proverbial kid in the candy store here.  And that can be overwhelming...  Except the staff is extremely knowledgeable and apparently spends a good portion of their day drunk, because how else do you know a bit about every beer in a place that has every beer.    Perks?  Buy a beer and leave?  Sure.  But why not get a cold beer and watch a movie at the connected Row House Theater?  But Jim, you say, my beer is warm.  No.  No it isn't friend.  They have this magical beer cooling device that takes your warm beer and cools it in a couple minutes.  How have I never heard of this device???  Anyway.  Very cool, fun, trendy place to take a date who likes beer.  Or a buddy who likes beer.  Or really anyone who likes beer.*  *This places is not ideal for someone who does not like beer.
I'm not a car guy, but I do know (having learned the hard way) that changing your oil only every year and a half is an excellent way to need a new car.  In order to avoid replacing my current one, and owing to my local mechanic's recent changeover to "weekdays only". . . I took my car to Valvoline Instant Oil Change to have. . . my oil changed.  They changed my oil.  BUT. . . they also topped off fluids, explained the process, changed my air filter, checked my lights and much much more. . . in about fifteen minutes.    I didn't call ahead.  I didn't sit in the "waiting room" leafing through old Cabella's catalogs and 2010 Hot Rod magazines.  I just sat in my car, drove up to the garage doors. . . and let the magic happen.    And it is magic to me. . . cause I'm not a car guy.  If you're not a car guy either. . . good place to know.
Alright...I haz a sad, but I have to write a less than "good" review of the place.  Caveat:  This is takeout-related only.  I have dined in the restaurant and had a few good experiences.  Like...3-4 star versus the 2 I'm adding.  But it's been a while.  Okay, so the thing is this:  I love pad thai.  So I order it a lot.  There was a time when I worked at a previous location where I would literally order pad thai at minimum once per week.  I've ordered it here at least four times.  It's been consistent, which I guess can be considered a good trait.  But consistently bad, which I suppose isn't.  Today's experience, like the past experiences was characterized by the following (in order of decreasing importance):  dry food, attention to detail, and tail-on shrimp.  The food seems like it's been overheated (all four experiences).  Or heated too long.  With takeout, I understand that once you prepare the food you need to keep it warm, but in this case, I arrived before my food was ready (though it was difficult to tell if that was genuinely the case since the servers were slammed.  Was it ready and sitting because there was nobody to bring it out?  Or was it still being prepared?) and got the same thing.  Dry over cooked food...which...inexplicably...was cool to taste.  The shrimp was borderline cold.    Regarding attention to detail, they were super busy today, so maybe they got hasty and forgot the lime.  Personally, I love the taste of a little lime juice squeezed over shrimp pad thai before I eat it.  And I recall getting it in the past...just not this time.  Regarding tail-on shrimp...Okay maybe it's just me.  And it's certainly not restricted to my experience with Papaya versus...any Italian place or steak place or anywhere else that they serve shrimp with pasta or my meal.  The tails were on.  With a dish where you're expected to pick up the shrimp to eat it (friend shrimp/shrimp cocktail/grilled shrimp) that makes sense.  But in a pasta or noodle dish it means digging into your sauce-covered dish and employing the "grip-it-and-rip-it" technique so you get all the meat.  Yeah, I guess you could cut it (though my takeout bag did not include a knife) but then you lose some of the tail, which bugs me.  And I've heard people say..."it's about presentation...it makes the dish more attractive"....no.  No it doesn't.  It's the tail of a insectile animal...it does not beautify or enhance the dish.    The ray of sunshine is the hot and sour soup, which has been amazing everytime I've had it.  I'll go back, but only because it's the closest pad thai in town.  And I'm lazy.  But not so lazy that I'd leave the tails on my shrimp pad thai.
Love this place.  Everything about it.  The ambience, the food, knowledgeable and competent wait staff.  If I was independently wealthy I'd just camp out in the restaurant and write the great american novel while drinking prosecco and slurping oysters.  But I'm not.  So I just come here every couple months.  You're going to have to wait about 15 years for that novel at this point.  I always get the sampler...east coast/west coast.  Great date venue if your date is fun.  Not as great if your date is a dud.  Dump the dud, get a fun date and come back.
Holy crap.  I had Gaucho for lunch this summer, but it was their food truck.  No offense, GPA...but that food truck isn't necessarily doing you any favors.  Not that it was bad.  It wasn't.  It just wasn't as great as the food I got at the restaurant.    Which...okay...was great.  Sorry for the spoiler.  Great food.    No reservations, so there's usually a line, but honestly the wait was no more than probably 5 minutes AT LUNCH.    I had the special...Gaucho Banh Mi.  It was delicious.  See above.  My date had empanadas that she then shared with me.  Because she's awesome, but we're not rating her...the empanadas...ALSO awesome.    Every sauce/condiment was drinkably good (though honestly, i don't recommend that).  The staff was super high energy and friendly.  So if you don't like friendly people this may not be the place for you.    Cool vibe, great food, great staff.  Five star.  Bang.  Done.
This really is a great beer venue.  Somehow even the fact that they don't serve food themselves turns into a strength.  The food trucks that they keep on a rotating schedule means that the menu is always new and fun.  The patio, once gravel, is now paved and new tables have been added.    The beer is probably the best I've had in Pittsburgh going wayyyyy back to the first micro brew renaissance (please read this in old fogie voice) way back in '97-'00 or thereabouts.  I'll qualify the review by saying this place is VERY close to me in an area that has previously been pretty devoid of fun, hip places to hang.  So maybe my five stars is a bit...exuberant.  But honestly...it's good beer.  Super casual.  Good energy.  Dogs welcome.*  *Actual dog animals I mean.  That wasn't a derogatory reference to unattractive people (who, I believe are also welcome).
Not my first visit, just my first review. . .   I had the Burnin' Love Burger this time.  Actually, I have the Burnin' Love Burger just about EVERY time.  Jalapeno coins, salsa, and Pepper-Jack cheese on top of a cayenne-seasoned burger. It's topped with lettuce and fresh tomatoes and served on a jalapeno-cornmeal kaiser roll with chipotle mayo.  And no, i did NOT memorize that list. . . I just C&P'ed from their website.  It's a favorite.  If you want a good burger with some imaginative toppings that you won't find just any ol' place, this is the place for you.  The drawback would be the steak fries, which are a little thicker, and not crispy (the way *I* like them) but some people look for that specifically.  I opt for the sweet potato fries instead and am wholly satisfied with my lunch.  Staff is friendly/helpful almost to a fault and the manager swings by at some point during every meal to make sure all is well.  I've tried many of the burgers, and while they aren't all equally yummy, I've never had a bad experience.
I want to love this place. I really do. The things I do love about it are its energy and its atmosphere. Wait staff does a nice job, and I think the cocktails are above average. The bartenders seem to take pride in their pours.   But the food isn't what it should be for a place like this. It's good, don't get me wrong, but it's definitely not much better than good.  And somethings aren't good, for example I had some oysters on the half shell that I wouldn't recommend.   The brussels sprouts are good, but it seems like everyone has good brussels sprouts these days.   Pork belly mac & cheese was OK but not great.  The luxury pie was a bright spot. And one genuinely great dessert is their sticky toffee pudding.  I will keep returning here, because I love the energy and the atmosphere and because the food is good enough. But it could be better.
I tried Olympos Gyros out for lunch today.  It's lent, and in Pittsburgh that means long lines for fish sandwiches, so I figured it'd be quick, and since I'm almost certainly going to burn in hell anyway...why not eat meat?  It was quick, so at the very least I'm half right.  I ordered the "Zeus" off the "specialty" menu and got my gyro in about 5 minutes.    It was slightly too big to carry in the little brown paper bag they give you so I had to cradle it like a newborn on the way to the car.  After I unwrapped it back in my office I thought maybe they'd forgotten the pita...because I couldn't see it.    The Zeus is Chris Farley's proverbial "Fat Guy in a Little Coat"...it was messy and there was so much stuff inside the pita that the pita itself couldn't be found.  Once I did find it, I spent probably three minutes trying to figure out the best way to hold it without it turning into a complete nightmare.  (There is no best way).    Tasted great.  I loved it.  But okay, seriously...Greeks, it's okay to make a pita slightly larger so that you can accommodate more stuff.  Pitas do NOT have to be one size fits all.  Or wait...do they?  Is that one of those weird ethnic rules that a REAL pita will only measure 1/2 cubit in diameter or something?  I don't think that's a thing.  Is that a thing?  Anyway...super good, fast, cheap, consider a fork, or barter for a bigger pita.
Sandcastle is a mixed bag for the kiddos.  On the one hand, there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are a good fit for young "riders", on the other hand, Sandcastle, like any city amusement park, attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood.    Unfortunately that element doesn't particularly care about "censoring" speech for 9 year old ears, and worse, in the Mon Tsunami, about personal space, since the wave pool becomes a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and 'showing off' for the fairer sex, and that can be a little dicey for the littler kids.  Having said that, it's still a good day at the park. . . cheese fries, a cool dip in the pool on a hot day, some fun slides. . .   I think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park.  It is NOT policed particularly effectively.  if you take small children you have to be a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings, paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity, "accidentally" bumping into people for a reaction from their group.    MOSTLY it's a good time.  Mostly.
Went to this location for lunch with a friend.  Food was good, not great.  Service was better.  But the place was dead.  Deader than GPS systems.  Deader than fax machines.  It's a beautiful restaurant with decent food and a zillion TV's with pretty girls waiting tables...how is it dead?  Prices were high, maybe that's the reason.    But people should definitely go to lunch here.  These girls need your help.  They barely have enough money to clothe themselves.  Seriously.
I've been to this location a few times.  It's really close to my parents house and makes a spectacular mother's day (or father's day) present.  Two or three hours of family togetherness in the presence of wine is a great way to spend time with family.  So much wine.  Anyway...  I like the PWAT franchise because they don't sketch anything out on your canvas in advance.  It feels less like a "paint by numbers" exercise and more like you're actually painting.  I guess because you are actually painting.  So that mystery is solved.  Staff keeps the atmosphere lively and fun, and...accessible?  I mean to say, if you're no Monet, you might shy away from a place like this because you don't want to look silly or talentless or drunk (just me?).  The staff keeps the painting simple.  It's broken into manageable bites.  I've seen some real talentless, silly, drunken idiots turn out some decent looking paintings (again, me).  This is a great destination for:  charity function, team building, family outing, unconventional date  Love the concept.
REALLY enjoyed my meal here.  Was dying to try it as Grit and Grace and by the time I pulled the trigger...it was...not.  So...G&G Noodle bar...  Small Plates:  get the General Tso's Cauliflower.  I'm serious.  Do it.  Now.   Entree:  I had the Dan Dan Noodles and they were delicious.    Atmosphere:  was dark but trendy casual.  My only complaint was my seat, that sort of stuck out into the main aisle.    Bar:  I had El Luchador (the El Luchador seems redundant) and it was just as smoky and spicy as I'd hoped...a little ginger, a little mezcal, some jalapeno.  I stopped at two, and if I wouldn't have been on a time crunch would have sampled a couple others that looked intriguing.    Seemed like a nice place to take a group.  Maybe not the MOST romantic place, but still a good date destination if you're not popping the question and just want to enjoy conversation, drinks and good food.
Being the third best sushi/Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh is pretty decent.  Being the third best sushi/Japanese restaurant in Robinson Township, however, is less so.  After a long hiatus, my friends and I returned to Saga for lunch.  It was VERY busy.  I suppose that should say something about it, and to be completely fair, Friday during lent probably didn't help.  The waitress was polite but overworked, so she spent a lot of time apologizing for how long things were taking.  And for not having napkins.  And for not bringing soy sauce.    The sushi was actually pretty good.  But it's just as good at least two other places within a 2 mile radius, so it'll probably be another long hiatus before my next visit.
First let me say that I've had many wonderful dinner experiences at Willow, and while my most recent visit was not "wonderful", it was at least "excusable" given past . . . let's call it "enjoyment equity."  The mistakes, none too damning were:  mixed up drinks, cold coffee, and winelist that reflected wines they were out of.   And though not a "mistake" per se, our waiter. . . let's call him "Name Withheld" was new.  If he wasn't new, this whole review should be called, Willow needs to hire better wait staff.  But I'm sure he was new.  He wasn't terribly savvy about the selections, appeared to read them off a slip of paper hidden on his tray (or was chronically fearful of making eye contact), and wasn't terribly informative about some of the items on the menu.  That said, the food was excellent.  I had the special, which was braised lamb ravioli on pureed white beans with carmelized onions and fig and was such a fantastic marriage of flavors and textures that I felt it trumped the previous two paragraphs worth of whining on my part.    My wife ordered her steak rare. . . and let me tell you, the law would forbid a rarer steak from being served without reclassifying the restaurant a butcher shop. . . which is EXACTLY how she likes it.  If this were my first trip to Willow, I probably wouldn't return.  I enjoyed the food, but there are LOTS of places with food I enjoy, and a so-so visit for these prices is a lot to expect.  But it was NOT my first visit to Willow, and I feel sure they'll recover.    Still, like any business, the name of the game is "what have you done for me lately", and the name of my most recent visit to Willow would be "Gave me good food with so-so service that cost a lot."
Won the award for Pittsburgh's best fish sandwich.  It's enormous.  Two fish sandwiches, really, which kind of makes it not fair, since all the other fish sandwich places must have only really been competing with half the fish of this place.  Great beer selection and the prices. . . let's just say you know you're not in the Pittsburgh city limits when you buy five craft beers and your bar tab ends up not cracking the $30 barrier.  Good wings, and huge burgers.
I haven't actually ever disliked anything I've gotten here.  Lately it's been mostly takeout, and my go to is the pulled pork cuban.  Filling and tasty.  The service here is sometimes spotty, but I think it has less to do with the competent (in my experience) wait staff and more to do with the face that every time I've visited it's been a ghost town.    Plenty of good seats still (always) available during the weekly lunch crush.    Good things here: pulled pork wings ribs sweet potato stix  Nice break from my usual seemingly perpetual asian-inspired menu.
A long time ago I took my parents to eat at Steak 'n Shake.  A friend told me that they had good fries.  He left out the rest.  For 8 years I avoided the place until today.  I forgot to eat a hotdog on National Hotdog Day...or...more accurately hadn't realized it even WAS National Hotdog Day...or...still more accurately hadn't known that National Hotdog Day existed...ANYWAY.  I went to Steak 'n Shake (why is there only one apostrophe?  shouldn't it be 'n'?  Or does it not work that way) to belatedly celebrate.  I ordered a foot long chili cheese dog complete with onions.  Screw my coworkers, I thought, it's National Hotdog Day.  Sort of.  I used the drive-thru.  Something must have gone "wrong" inside.  The line sat still for 5...then 10 minutes.  Finally we moved.  Hotdog wasn't a footlong, but of course, it was too late when I unwrapped it at work to rectify THAT problem.  It tasted okay.  Paid for a footlong, ate a regular hotdog.  Waited in line for "fast" food way too long.    The girl at the window was apologetic about the wait.  I thanked her for her courtesy.  But it'll be another 8 years at least before I go back.  I rarely rate anything 1 or 5 stars.  But the "I've experienced better" that yelp defines as two stars is WAY overstating my only two experiences here.  "Eek!  Methinks not." is much more appropriate.
It's been a long time since I've been to Sushi Kim.  I remember it being better.  Honestly I probably didn't make the best food choices to highlight their sushi offerings, but...  Okay, the above average...though she hovered a bit, the waitress was attentive (very).  On the plus side that meant we got anything we wanted quickly.  On the minus side...there was a 'rushed' feel.  Like...please eat and get out.    The salmon I got was great.  As was the jap chae.  The bi bim bob (sic) was a bit on the bland side, and the rice didn't have that crunch but it was fine.  The gyoza was good.  The miso was good.  The kim chi was good.  I ordered bulgogi sushi, but didn't really consider the fact that it would be basically a beef roll.  That was disappointing, but it tasted "fine".    The place was more or less empty and the decor had a cobbled together slightly shabby feel.  The fountain at the front of the restaurant was as empty.  They seem to have accumulated various kitschy decorative items to line the half walls that separate the dining area from the bar, and they were a bit dusty, which lent itself to that air of protracted benign neglect.    Upstairs seemed empty (korean barbecue) but I didn't venture up to see.    When the waitresses weren't actively serving patrons, they hid behind bamboo and watched, which is actually moderately amusing when you consider it.  *you can't see me...i'm invisible!!*  If there's a next time, it will probably be just for sushi.  Maybe takeout.
I was in the mood to try a "Hot Dog Place".  I think from an expectations standpoint, I was looking for something along the lines of Hot Doug's in Chicago...gourmet "encased meats".  This is not gourmet encased meats.  This...per the name...is a hot dog shop.    The hot dogs were good, the prices were reasonable, and there were lots of options.  Was there a fois gras option?  No.  Were there duck fat fries?  No.  It is very much a hot dog shop, and not...what...a hot dog shoppe (the extra p and e make it fancy-like).  Waitress was nice, food was served quickly, tasted good, and was cheap.  Very much a good experience.
Okay, I know this probably seems like a recurring theme...but please apply the caveat "I got steadily drunker as the evening progressed" to the tail end of the review.  Okay...  5 stars on the accomodating staff.  Friendly.  Flexible.  We started with a group of 6...wait...sorry 8...wait...sorry...10 people for a friend's birthday party and the staff just kept finding ways to get us seating.  It is NOT their fault that the seating we ended up with was apparently a repurposed shoebox in the ass end of the top floor of the restaurant.  That was not on them.  I don't know what that space normally does...but it did hold 10.  And the restaurant was steadily busy all night.  So full marks there.  We started out the evening on the ground floor.  We ordered drinks from the menu.  They were good.  I don't...I don't REALLY remember what they were.  I'll look them up.  Bear with me.  RIGHT!  Okay...I got the Delicioso.  House Margarita, muddled jalapeno & cucumber + splash  of soda...right up my alley.  It was really good.  I probably would have ordered another one later except I thought it would be smarter to order a pitcher instead.  Related note...it is almost impossible for a single father of a younger daughter to order the Delicioso without doing so using an impression of Backpack from Dora the Explorer.  The pitcher I got was the Kahlo - Hornitos Reposado, club soda, fresh lime juice, fresh mint.  I should take a minute here to acknowledge that written underneath the margarita menu (in too small a font, if we're being fair) was, "Keep in mind, silver tequila (used in many of our signature cocktails and margaritas) can sneak up on you. The smooth  flavor doesn't taste like alcohol, but we assure you, it's in there!"  Heed this.    The drinks were great.  Let's give them another five stars.  The speed with which our order was taken was a downer.  I'd rank it pretty low, honestly, but they were so good about moving us around, and also...I had a pitcher of alcohol...so I wasn't really THAT irritated by it, but if I'd have been sober longer I might have been.  They were busy.  We were a big...seemingly nomadic table...so I have to give them a pass.  I'll rate that 3 stars.  I've sampled most of the elevated taco joints in Pittsburgh, so I was excited to try out theirs.  They have either a build your own menu, or a few signature styles.  I was surprised how many vegan/vegetarian options there were.  I think one of the three I got was vegetarian.  I was...I was quite drunk when the food arrived.    BUT...BUT...they were goooooood.  And that's not the tequila talking.  After my first taco, the girl across the table from me said she couldn't finish hers and passed it across and that one was even better than the one I'd ordered.    The Mantis:  Sweet Lucy shell, jackfruit, onions, tomato, Chihuahua cheese, and mango habanero sauce. Honestly ordered it because I wanted to say "jackfruit" over and over.   What?  I was drunk.  George's Dirty Taco:  Flour soft shell, queso blanco, rice, black beans, onions and dirty sauce This one just made me laugh.  I was eating George's dirty taco.  And laughing.  Because I'm twelve.  And I was drunk.  Surf 'n' Turf:  Flour soft shell, queso fresco, rice, ghost pepper steak,  shrimp ceviche, lettuce, onions, roja salsa, &  dirty sauce This one sounded the best to me, and I honestly don't remember whether I even ate it. I think I did though.  And it was hot.  I poured myself another drink from the pitcher.  All in all I have no idea which tacos I ate and didn't eat.  And I think the fact that I put my name on the order slip (they give you pencils and taco order forms at the table) as Rico Caliente probably contributed to the chaos that forced one of our party to just pay for the entire night on his credit card.  And I guess...I guess arms raised in victory and shouting "WOOHOO!" was not the correct reaction to this because everyone else seemed to be saying things like, "Oh my god, no, you can't possibly" and "It's too much" and stuff like that and frankly I was just happy to still have enough money to go to the next place, and also I was drunk.  So...I will DEFINITELY be back.  Something I didn't mention was the decor.  I loved it.  Lots of contrasting sugar skull-esque sorts of murals.  It was a fun vibe.  GREAT happy hour locale.  Really good food.  I'll...fine tune my food review in at some future date.
Startup...is it still a startup after 7 weeks?  Startup restaurant in an already highly competitive downtown area.    It was good, not great, so I hope it holds on because...  Some intriguing options...a rum bar with 200 varieties of rum?  I feel like this is a good idea...a rum option for the folks who have exhausted the ryes, whiskeys and wines of other spirited competition (see what I did there?  spirited?  like...spirits?).  Caribbean theme too is a bit different than the run-of-the-mill in Pittsburgh.    We sat at a high table along the wall.  The seats didn't have a foot rest, so half the people just dangled their feet off the edge of their seats like toddlers at the grown up table.  The waiter came off rude and disinterested at first but honestly, I just think he was extremely dry.  By the end of the meal we found him quite entertaining.   The manager visited our table and apologized (not that we'd complained) proactively about 'getting the kinks worked out' and explained that he was unhappy with some of the menu and decor (he indicated that the current menu is only a partial of what it ultimately will become).  And in truth, I thought the menu was a little entree light.    Cuban/Dominican/Jamaican fare...we visited on the day Castro died and I had Ropa Vieja.  It seemed fitting.  It tasted vaguely communist, but in all seriousness was again...good not great.  I thought it was well-prepared and tasty, but there's only so much you can do with skirt steak, rice, and beans.    I had a Mojito Royale which was really good, and a Golden Hind...which came across as "Kamikaze in a nice glass".  I had another drink, but I'm getting two elderly to remember what it was.  I'm cautiously optimistic about the place.  I'd like to go back and try one of the rum/cocktail flights.  That looked like fun, but wasn't really what I was looking for when we visited.  I feel like there's a place for Pirata once they get their sea legs.  I'll go back and give it another whirl.
Edible, inexpensive, chinese-ish food.  If you enjoy chinese-ish food, you won't hate this place.  I didn't.  And...literally the best chinese food in all of Etna.  That said...of course...ONLY chinese food in Etna.    Still...  Fast, cheap, open...it filled my belly and nothing came back up!  YAY!  Bland, blah, good option if you haven't eaten and you're walking in Etna and the other places are closed.
Who reviews an airport?  Me!  You know what they need at PIT?  They need one of those fancy timers on the security line that says, "approximately 15 minutes through security" like they do in "fancy" airports.  Ever since USAirways went belly up. . . or. . . belly sideways, since I they're still in business, but at a MUCH less visible level. . . the airport has gone downhill.  Blame the terrorists.    You used to be able to shop at cool places in PIT without a boarding pass. . . now. . . no more.  Stupid terrorists.    I KID!  Don't bomb me!!!
I loved this little..."boutique" bakery.  Loved the decor and the laid back vibe.  Loved the options for vegan or healthy choices (none of which I selected, mind you).  Loved the blondie I had over coffee late at night (they're open late...another thing I loved).  It was huge and delicious.  Pretty much my only complaint was the dent it left in myfitnesspal calorie budget.  And...by dent...I mean it obliterated it.  That said...I didn't go there for the healthy options.    I'll be back.
I enjoyed the experience.  And it is an experience.  The icecream is good, and the flavor combinations unique...but if this was just an icecream place it would go out of business.  Because nobody would pay that much for just icecream.  You're going for the "show".  The chopping/mixing/flattening, then brain-satisfyingly intriguing rolling up of the icecream into tight little roses of dessert that they deposit with tongs into your cup.    Kids will love this place.  In fact...I was elevating the age demographic by a couple decades when I was here.  The teens and tweens love it.    I'm glad I went.  I'd probably even go again.  Once or twice.    It was a destination stop for dessert.  But after you've seen them roll it a few times...who is going to come back to pay for it?  I do hope they continue to do well.  Maybe their location and relative novelty will continue to pay dividends for years to come.    Or...people will get bored with the show and decide to "settle" for icecream somewhere else at half the price.
Best Tacos in Pittsburgh seems like wan praise.  Like...prettiest girl in the trailer park.  And I don't have a TON of experience with taco places (or trailer park girls), but I have some...and this is the best one.    I try to avoid referencing other places relative to a place I'm rating, but suffice it to say that Smoke has competition, but as far as a more or less conventional ingredient taco goes...Smoke is it! (like Coke is it...see what I did there?)  Nice beer selection.  Very cool decor.  Great location.  Friendly servers.  Great food.    Win.
OK, it's probably premature to give this truck five stars, but it's all I have to go on... The jalapeno popper sandwich? Probably the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. It was so so so good.  Honestly I should probably subtract a star just because I can't find a picture of their menu board that has the jalapeno popper sandwich actually on it.  That's all I've had. And that's all I have to go on. If you like jalapeno poppers, and you like spicy food,  and you like sandwiches then you should go to this truck and eat this sandwich.   And if they don't offer it when they visit your venue? Then you should raise your voice and point and gesticulate and be outraged and question their intelligence for not making this a regular menu item.
When i travel to Caltexico, I go by way of Moe's.  Because although Chipotle and Qdoba do a fine fast food burrito, they don't do it as well as Moe's.    And it is fast food, but it pains me to categorize it in that fashion, because when I say fast food, you're thinking Taco Bell. . . and it's not THAT.  It's a step up.  The comparison is perhaps equivalent to a Red Robin to Wendy's sort of thing.  Red Robin is to Wendy's what Moe's is to Taco Bell.    It's fast (though if you go at noon for a lunch hour meal, you'll question ANY categorization of their food involving the adjective "fast"), but good.  I go with the Joey Bag o' Donuts burrito combo with steak and black beans.  Yum.  I'm full now.
First impression...everything is very red.  But that's just the lighting.  Japanese bar food?  Okay...I'm in.    Cool venue.  The tables are too close together to be a date night.  That seems to be a trend.  I don't like that trend.    We went all over the menu.  Drinks, apps, a giant whole fish with its head still on, its cold dead eyes staring up at our drunken faces appetizingly.  It was good.  Don't get that though.  It was...problematic to pick around the bones with chopsticks.    Loved our waitress.  Like...literally loved her.  It was hard to leave.  She hasn't called.  Great service, spoke some japanese even.    Very laid back atmosphere.  Cool and new and fun and well done.  Sake selection was awesome.    Ex-PEN-sive.  My sister took me for my birthday and my only hope is that she forgets how much it cost before her birthday in May.
Suuuuuuuuuper friendly.  Really good, and I think, unique, options.  Limited menu is probably the only REAL downside.  BYOB, so plan ahead.    Nice location next to a juice bar on a sleepy street just off Freeport Road.  African Peanut Stew was delicious, entree was better (but the entrees change on the weekends).    A liiiiiiittle hippy dippy for my tastes, but if you have an open mind and a sense of humor/adventure...it's adorable.    Fifth star for a full menu and a bar...I'll keep my eyes open.
"I partake not in the meat, nor the breastmilk, nor the ovum, of any creature, with a face." --Todd Ingram from "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World"  Okay...if you're a vegan...my apologies.  Probably you don't have a lot of awesome "dining out" experiences that aren't in Tibet, and unfortunately I suspect this is one more venue to get more of the same not awesomeness.  But I need to preface this review with a couple caveats.    1)  I don't know what "good" tofu tastes like.  I suppose it is hypothetically possible that the tofu I had was good, or even great and that gross texture and vaguely egg-like taste is considered fine tofu dining. 2)  I've never had Jasmine tea.    Okay...so the good:  The place is new (ish), nicely decorated, and clean as a whistle.  The tables are these polished white lacquer affairs that are so shiny clean you feel like you can eat directly off of them.    The service was very friendly.  The crispy rolls were great.  I don't know what was in them...as a non-vegan, it wasn't important, because I just wanted to try them, but if there is something that is typically IN a spring roll/egg roll that deveganizes it...they should just eliminate it in all of them because these were just as good as any "normal" egg roll/spring rolls.  Okay, so I ordered tea with my meal.  The little old man asked me if I wanted Green tea or Jaasdfdfasdafadsf tea.  I spell it that way because the two or three times I asked him to repeat I couldn't figure out what he was saying, and only after he brought it to the table did I put it together that he was saying jasmine.  He said it would have more flavor and it did.  It also had a lovely floral aroma, except that after inhaling near it, I stopped short and offered a whiff across the table to my lunch companions.  "Smell this."   One girl took it and inhaled.  "Oh!  That is flowery..., but...."  "Say it," I said.  She looked vaguely uneasy.  "SAY IT!" I repeated.  "It sorta smells like a bathroom air freshener."  "Yeah," I said, "It DOES".    So this is where my inexperience with Jasmine tea comes in.  MAYBE...maybe jasmine tea is SUPPOSED to smell like a men's room urinal cake.  I don't know.  Maybe it's just an unfortunate Pavlovian association that when I smell jasmine, I think of urinal cakes because so many urinal cakes come standard with "jasmine scent".  So the image that the commercial portray about the woman enjoying the early morning hours with closed eyes, her cup of tea raised gently to her lips, her face enwreathed in aromatic steam...the camera switches over to a summer rain falling softly in a green meadow???  Well when I closed my eyes and put the cup to my lips...the vision that popped into my mind was sitting in the men's room drinking tea from the crapper.  So that was sorta an appetite killer.  The other girl bought a sweet and sour chicken that she said she liked.  The 'soy protein' chicken LOOKED like chicken.  She said it more or less tasted like chicken too, but "Maybe a little gummier."  Okay...I could have dealt with that.  My 'soy protein' was brown...and had an odd texture.  I think it was intended to resemble beef, but if we can return for a moment to my previous men's room analogy...it more resembled something found THERE.  It was a little tough, and I didn't love the taste.  The broth in my soup though?  Spicy and tasted pretty good!   Okay...so some mistakes were made on MY part.  Jasmine tea = NO.  Bon Hue (what I ordered) = NO.  BUT...I would go again.  I like to try new things, and I feel like there were other things on the menu that offered more promise than the selections I made.    I give it two stars, but reserve the right to change my mind if at some point (maybe six months from now or so) I return and try something that I like even a LITTLE more than what I selected.
Alright. . . ticking off the list:  1)  Nice atmosphere 2)  Good service 3)  meh food  It's new, and pretty, and while it's a "diner", it's a diner that was built in the last three months, so the decor is pretty sweet, everything is all clean and gleaming brushed stainless and muted colors.  No patina of cigarette smoke and coffee stains, like the tried and true diners of old.  Which is a good thing.  The service was good, I don't recall her being particularly knowledgeable, but how knowledgeable could she have been since we ate there two weeks after they opened?  I also don't remember her being NOT knowledgeable.  So. . . YAY!  Now for the bad. . .   I ordered a reuben.  My friend remarked that it's hard to find a place that has a good reuben.  I didn't necessarily agree, but said nothing.  We both got it.  We were both surprised to see it served open face, which, upon asking the manager (we'll come back to him in a minute) was because, "It's the chef's interpretation of a reuben.  He wanted to make it unique."    It WAS unique.  But unique in a way that sucked.  Like if the chef interpreted a hot dog by saying, "HERE we serve our hot dogs with the mustard in your hand instead of on the dog. "  It was a stupid interpretation.  Messy.  And not good.  Because the sauerkraut was kind of slippery, and the cheese was kind of melty, and the dressing was very heavy handed, so when you used your knife to cut it you ended up with half the sandwich still on the plate because it wouldn't stick on the fork, so you had a bite of cheese and dressing, then went back for a bite of bread and saurkraut and meat.  It was sloppy and I ended up scooping most of the dressing onto the side of the plate so it was tolerable.  And on the plus side there was a lot of food. . . but the negative of that was it was really hard to cut without food dropping off the side of the plate while you sawed at the sandwich through the meat.    So then the manager came to our table, which I generally liked, but he was so aggressively wanting to nip any issues in the bud that he came across a little. . . militantly servile.  "Did everything exceed your expectations?" he asked.  Then when our grunts of polite assent didn't suffice, he addressed each of us individually. . . it was uncomfortable.  I just wanted to be left to eat my shitty sandwich in peace.  I felt uncomfortable complaining about my shitty sandwich, because it was, of course, ON PURPOSE.  Did it exceed my expectations?  No!  But I didn't really want to interrupt my meal to have a discussion about it.  I bought his departure by saying that I didn't really have any expectations coming in, so I couldn't really judge whether they'd been exceeded.  Which was a lie.  When we paid our bill. . . the manager was at the cash register. . . eagerly waiting to ask, once more, "Did your experience exceed your expectations?"  UGGGGHHHH!  I just wanted to leave.  "I don't know, yes. . . yes, it was fine!"    Ultimately, I will return.  It was really close to work, and it's my own fault for not reading that they serve the reuben open faced.  I assume it's on the menu that way.  And next time I'll just tell the manager to go away because he's bothering me, which is more my speed. . . I was just caught a little off guard.  If my next experience is. . . better (which will exceed my expectations) I'll update my review and add a star or two to it.  Until then though. . . it was "meh".  Diner food.
This was a nice night out.  Paint by numbers for grownups.  The staff was fun and funny.  It was a perfect birthday gift for my mother and I to enjoy together.  BYOB
If there are down sides to the restaurant they are these...no reservations, and no wine menu.  The workarounds are relatively simple:  put your name on the list, then go next door to Grapperia to grab a cocktail or two while you wait, then bring a bottle next door when you return.  This worked really well for me, but did have the unforseen side effect of pigeon-holing me with a dish that would pair well with the wine I'd selected (it had a dragon on it that breathed fire, and the fire had "burned away" part of the label.  It was a Pinot Noir, which is a decent wine if you have to pick one, but if we're really being honest I picked it because of the label, which kicked ass.)  Next time around...and there will be a next time (the food was really good) I'll peruse the menu first, then whilst awaiting my callback...I'll pick a wine that pairs with that dish.  Because of the Pinot though (and also because it sounded good) I picked the  Pappardelle con Coniglio e Funghi...Braised rabbit with pappardelle pasta, roasted tomatoes and wild mushrooms.  At $17, I thought the price point was really reasonable (I know pasta isn't generally super expensive, but I still thought it was sane).  It was earthy and had a nice balance of pepper to it.  Paired well with my flaming dragon wine (the name...I don't remember the name, but that dragon is burned indelibly into my mind like the label from the bottle).    Service was casual and well-informed, prompt and courteous.    Ambience was clean and casual, well-lit, cheerfully...Tuscan?  Someone who knows stuff will have to check that.  I thought of Tuscany.    Dessert was a very well executed Tiramisu.    A nice experience overall.
I should predicate this review with a little background.  I've visited this P.F. Changs probably 6 times over the past three years.  It's usually because there are enough people at work who want to go that we all go.  I found something on the menu that I liked and I stuck with it.  Prior visits were unspectacular, but once I found "Dan Dan Noodles" I was set.  At least I was until the visit before my most recent visit.  They were bland in an ironic sort of extremely salty way.  Do you know what I mean?  I mean, it's hard to say that something that tastes like it just came out of a salt shaker is bland, but if that's the ONLY taste it has, then that's what my last order of Dan Dan Noodles tasted like.  THIS time, I resolved to find something new to replace Dan Dan Noodles (can you tell I like saying Dan Dan Noodles?  Because I do) for future visits.  Meh.  I'm done with PF Changs, at least lunch and dinner (because I still have a free happy hour dim sum for checking in on Yelp!).    I ordered the Kung Pao chicken and found the Kung lacking and also no Pao.  What they did NOT leave out, however, was the salt.  Holy crap!  The waitress (good waitress) gave me a replacement Mr. Pibb, suggesting I'd need it to finish my Kung Pao (presumably because it would be so spicy)...and I did need it.  But just to wash down the salt.  It was like I ordered a salt lick with a side of ...I'm not sure what...some sort of cold vinegar preparation of sliced vegetables.  I was stuck as to whether they were pairing pseudo-kim che with my faux chinese food.  Regardless it was not awesome.  I'm not kidding when I say the most enjoyable part of the meal was the fried rice, which is not to say that the fried rice was good...it just wasn't as awful as everything else.  People like this place, and I don't want my review to sway them away, but it was not good.  The atmosphere is great, the wait staff was quick and efficient...but the food is expensive and not good.
Alright, this place was recommended to me by someone "in the know" as having creative flavors/decorations.  My wife loves to make/try 'different' cupcakes, so this seemed right up her alley for Mother's Day.  I ordered in advance so that I could access all the flavors instead of just their daily menu, which was cool, because before I called I really just thought it would be whatever was featured on the day I picked up.  Unfortunately that IS what happened because they misfiled my order.  BUT...they made it right, offering a dozen cupcakes gratis in my two dozen cupcake order.  I think that was super cool of them.  We weren't able to try the full compliment of their offerings, but at least I didn't go empty handed to the Mother's Day dinner.  The cakes were really well-made, very moist...but I found the frosting to be very sweet.  My mother and I sampled the strawberry basil lime...and while my mother argued that she liked it, and that she thought the extremely sweet frosting helped to cut the extremely tart lime filling...she said it in that sort of slide whistle tone reserved for lying to loved ones whose feelings you're trying desperately not to hurt.  "Did you like it mom?"  "I liked it." (high note, low note, high note).  "LIAR!!!"  Anyway, the cupcakes got mixed reviews.  I wasn't blown away by the black and white or the strawberry basil.  My wife didn't rave about the salted caramel (but she seemed to legitimately enjoy it), my niece gave the so-so hand gesture to the tiramisu cupcake, and although my nephew liked the Elvis, it had too much chocolate filling for him and my father both.  I really wanted this to be a happy ending, but I'm thinking I'll try another place next time.
This place is great.  Honestly just visited with friends from out-of-town as a lark.    I'm allergic to cats and take medication, but I was concerned that an hour inside the upstairs cat loft would stretch pharmaceutical science and my lungs to their limits.  It did not.  I found the loft to be immaculately clean...precious little cat hair migrated to the furnishings, no smell, no messes...just a bunch of EXTREMELY docile well-groomed kitties.    Unlike Dobby, my cat (I hope you're reading this, Dobby), they were all extremely accepting of petting and cuddles and did not tear ass all over the room destroying my furniture for no apparent reason.  They seemed very at home in the loft and cavorted happily in and amongst the cat castles strategically interspersed among the more people-suited couches and chairs.    You guys...they serve liquor.  I ordered their version of a French 75 (some cat-related name derivation or other) and it was delicious.    One complaint, and it is minor, is that it wasn't immediately apparent who actually worked there.  She had a laptop and I honestly thought she was just some young lady enjoying a stress-easing change of work (or study) venue, sitting on one of the couches, absently petting a cat.  Once I realized she worked their, she happily and readily parted with the laptop, took my order and disappeared downstairs to fill it.    Service upstairs is necessarily slow.  One waitress per 10 people (they limit the loft to 10 at a time) and a trip downstairs then up.  Service downstairs I didn't experience, having arrived a bit late and escorting my friends immediately upstairs for our reservation.  I'd return.  I'd order a drink five or so minutes before my reservation, take it up and then order another after I got there if the spirit moved me.  Just more convenient that way.  Definitely worth a visit with a cat lover.  Reservations required for the cat loft.
Had friends for dinner there last night.  I mean. . . we ate dinner together with friends, we didn't eat our friends.  Who does that?  We hadn't really done French food in Pittsburgh, so this seemed like a nice switch.  It was good.  It wasn't great, but it was definitely worth a second visit.  The waitress was cute (not attractive cute. . . I mean. . . I'm not saying she wasn't attractive, I just mean she had a cute personality) and indulged our ridiculousness nicely.    Dinner was slow-paced but that suited us.  We were in it for the long haul.  We got a couple appetizers:  artichokes and mussels.  They were both great.    We ordered a bottle of wine and were completely clueless about the selections because, of course, they're all french and we knew nothing about french wines.    Our friend spilled his wine and the waitress apologized and asked if everything was okay.  I like that.  I like knowing that if my friend spills his wine that someone else will step in and say they're sorry even though it was all his fault.  Excellent work.  So then we cleaned him up and the table too (although they line the tables with paper table cloths, so that wasn't a huge problem.) and ordered our meals.  I asked the waitress to tell me what the Frenchest thing on the menu was.  She said, "I don't know how to answer that." but then did pick something named for Marseilles, which despite being a city in France did not SEEM like the Frenchest thing on the menu.  Since escargot wasn't listed as an entree, and they didn't have rabbit. . . I ordered something else.  I got two specials, which isn't particularly instructive to potential NEW diners because they probably won't be on the menu when you dine there BUT. . .   I got the fig salad, and a softshell crab entree.  The fig salad was spectacular.  I couldn't have loved it more if I were twins.  Really. . . is lame as this sounds, I'll go out on a limb and say it was the best salad I've had in my life:  carmelized figs with romaine lettuce in white balsamic vinaigrette with soft blue cheese and candied walnuts. . . it really was great.  The softshell crab. . . not so much.  Very tough, very crunchy.  I had to request a steak knife to get through it.  It tasted good, just a little rough.  We finished off the evening with dessert, macaroons and creme brulee.  Only they spelled it macarons, because apparently the French spell everything differently than we do.    They have a bajillion different flavors of macarons.  I ordered a caramel and sea salt macaron.  It was pretty great.  The creme brulee was yummy too.    We had some nice strong coffee, paid and were out the door.  The bill was spendy. . . take away the wine and it was still on the high side.  It's hard to order a salad that costs as much as entrees do at other places, BUT. . . it WAS the best salad I've ever had IN. MAH. LIFE.  So that counts for something.  All in all, I'd go back again, especially if they added rabbit to the menu.
Pizza/Burger/Salad Restaurant.  I've been there twice.  i was mildly disappointed both times by the burgers, but not disappointed enough that I wouldn't give the brick-oven pizza a shot the next time someone suggests it.  I got the Chili-burger this time.  The chili was relatively tasteless.  The waitress told our group that one of the other waitresses had called off, so she apologized in advance for slow service. . . but she wasn't particularly slow.  All things considered it was an okay lunch with decent service in a nice development.  It suffers from being surrounded by better alternatives, but isn't a bad fallback when you're tired of the same ol' restaurant.  Steer clear if you're looking for something groundbreaking.  Stop by if you don't like straying too far from your comfort zone.
I have to confess, the Flame was my lunch's bridesmaid today. I started my lunch drive heading in the direction of a seeming recent yelpers' hang, intent upon adding my two cents to the flood of reviews.   Lesson one. . . read not only the reviews, but also the hours of operation. Not only was my bride not open for lunch. . . but it was also not open on Tuesdays at ALL.   Disappointed, I turned for home, wondering what I'd have for lunch since I'd been focused to the point of excluding any other potential venues from consideration, when I decided on The Flame. I like barbecue, pulled pork, etc, and it sounded good.   I've eaten at The Flame (or rather ordered from then taken out) several times, and always enjoyed it, but this was my first visit with an eye toward "reviewing it".   Unfortunately this was not my best visit. Waitstaff (the lady behind the counter) seemed not to be having a great day. Though she wasn't outright hostile, neither did she make any attempt to welcome me to The Flame, saying simply, "Did you order for pickup?" and at my negative response, "What can I get you?" I think that, and the amount owed (upon collecting my food to go) was the extent of our dialog.   I decided to jump on the Mac 'n' cheese 'n' insert food item bandwagon and ordered the Stock o' Mac with pulled pork, and a side of sweet potato fries. I love me some sweet potato fries.   I collected my plastic shopping bag and left the 'welcoming' fires of the barbecue behind.   The Stack o' Mac was good. Really good, honestly. Upon initial inspection it looked like nothing so much as a pile of pulled pork on top of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese Deluxe despite indications of home made mac'n'cheese. It was sooo much better than Kraft. I guess I'm not sure what I was REALLY expecting from homemade mac and cheese. That it would LOOK like the noodles were homemade? Stupid. It was velvety and sharp and delightful and upon further review, surprised me that the sole criticism of it was that there wasn't more of it, since what I'd really been drawn to was not so much the macaroni, but the pulled pork. The portion size was a tad smaller than I'd have liked. It's not a huge criticism, because I probably don't NEED to be eating more than what was given, and there was a hefty bunch of pulled pork on top of it. . . but I liked it more than I thought I would, and I think it would have balanced out the dish a little if there'd been more of the great mac 'n' cheese.   The sweet potato fries were also good, but "floppier" than I prefer. I like a nice crisp fry. But these had great skin-on, earthy, sweet flavor, and when I got home and dipped them in a little Sweet Baby Ray's (cause that's how I roll) they were very tasty and I found that relative to the total experience my disappointment with the texture was pretty minor.   Cost wise, it's not a bunch to spend. $10.86 for lunch. But this is Millvale. Relative to the surroundings and what the neighboring establishments charge. . . it actually seems sort of spendy. I expect, for example, to drop $15.00 or more for lunch in Pittsburgh on any given day (with tip). But Millvale? There was no tip to worry about, but also no drink. Seemed like a bit much for a bit too little.   Overall, I'll definitely be back. I don't think I'd counsel anyone to undertake a journey to visit, but certainly if you're in the area and have a hankerin' for pulled pork or chicken wings, it's a good venue.
It's been a while since I've eaten here, but a discussion thread about great sandwiches (http://www.yelp.com/topic/pittsburgh-the-best-sandwich-in-the-universe) sparked my recollection.    The pizza is not fantastic.  I've had it on several occasions.  It's decent, but nothing to write home about, but the Omnivore. . . that IS something to write home about, and the letter would read something like this:  Dear Mom,  I just had the most amazing sandwich of my life.  It had bacon and hot peppers, eggs and onion rings, cappicola and steak, cheese. . . and and. . . more stuff!  I ate the whole thing because it was too yummy to stop.  I am now in intensive care after going into cardiac arrest from eating the damn thing, but it was WORTH it.  If you and Dad decide to get one, you should split it, but if you don't, leave the house to me, my sister will just trash it.  Love, Jim  Something like that.  Bottom line, you can buy one of these sandwiches and cut it into quarters and feed four people.  Can't recommend the pizza (it's fair. . .) but definitely try the sandwiches.  Take out only. . . there's a table or two there, but mostly just for people to wait in the AC-less Mercury-like atmosphere while they finish your food.  Oh, I almost forgot. . . the wings are good too.
I want to give this place five stars.  I want to, but I can't.  "as good as it gets" is a super hard description to live up to.  Also, I have a really hard time giving out five stars.  So maybe it's five star and I just have some weird brain thing that prevents me from giving out that last star, but here were my issues with it:  It's not for everyone.  Why?  Well, for starters, the menu is pretty limited.  If you're a huge seafood fan, for example, or LOVE steak...but neither is featured prominently (or at all) on the menu...you're sort of forced to leave your comfort zone to order.    Now that is right in MY wheelhouse...I love trying stuff I've never had before, or never heard of before...but it's not in EVERYONE's wheelhouse.  My wife, for example, had a tough time finding anything that didn't...scare her.  So she ended up getting chicken.  And not that the chicken was BAD.  (it wasn't)...but it's nothing she'd order at any other restaurant.    When we left I asked her, "Would you come back?" and she answered "That's a hard question to answer."  Which means, that it's really NOT that hard a question to answer, because other places she'd have just said, "YES!"  But she explained as follows:  It's difficult to compare Legume to other restaurants she loves because she didn't get something she loves from Legume in order to be able to compare it to something she loved from another restaurant.  Because the menu is limited, you're you may find yourself having to default to something you really wouldn't prefer, only because it seems like a better option than things you may have never tried.  Okay...with that out of the way, a couple minor issues:  The waiter wasn't super.  He wasn't bad.  But he wasn't super.  That alone wouldn't have dropped this review to four from five stars, but see above.  The bar was slow.  This is sort of a good problem for Legume, but sort of a crappy one for customers...the bar was PACKED, when we got there.  PACKED.  So I get why the bar was slow...but it was just something that detracted from the five-ness of the star rating.  The coffee was so-so.  We did the french press, and it was fine, but not great.  I love a good coffee with dessert.  Things I loved:  I had stinging nettle soup.  Stinging.  Nettle.  I ate weed soup for dinner.  That is COOL.  And it was good.  Sommelier.  Any nice restaurant should have someone that can steer you toward a good wine that compliments your food nicely.  Legume has one.    Seriously...stinging nettle soup.    I had the goat loin/shank/sausage with harissa and japanese knotweed.  Do you see a trend here?  They cook WEEDS and make them taste good.  That's AWESOME!!!  The goat was good.  Not great...but definitely good.  When I had bites with the knotweed and rice, the sauce, goat, and knotweed balanced out really nicely...but bites that were heavy with knotweed were bitter and because of the way it was prepared it was hard to get consistent bites throughout.  Still...really good.  Happy with my goat, I just wonder if knotweed was the best choice for the dish.  Was it awesome BECAUSE it was knotweed?  Yes.  But could it have tasted better if it had been something less imaginative, but more palatable?  Maybe.  Pretty restaurant inside.  I liked the inventiveness of the food.  I liked the ambiance.  I liked the philosophy overall.  I'd like to have given it five stars, but I feel like it suffers from limited menu, less than five star wait staff, okay coffee, and maybe (ironically) TOO imaginative dishes.
This is the fourth location I've tried.  It's new, and clean and the food was good...  The "show" was not.  I think I get it.  We were put at a table with 5 junior high/high school kids, and I don't know if maybe the chef thought..."these kids are never going to appreciate the show...and even if they do they won't tip" or what.  He cooked our food.  That's it.  My daughter was with us and she still loved watching it all unfold, but after he'd cleaned up for the evening, and moved to the next hibachi over from ours, we watched as he went through each and every trick I knew them typically to perform...out of the corner of my eye I saw him catch and spin the egg...then expertly split it over his spatula.  I saw him flourish his cooking implements, break out the little peeing plastic boy, light the volcano, flip food into people's mouths...etc.  We didn't get that treatment.  I get it.  Nobody relishes the idea of doing "all that work" and not getting the tip to match...but hey...that's your job, dude.  Make the most of it.  Do your best, put in the effort.  The food was good.  Really enjoyed it.  If it would have been less than good this would have dropped to a two.
Putting a pin in this one for a return review.  They were busy when I got here.  The bar is long and narrow.  A few tables line the wall, but I found all of them full.  The bar too was full.  There was a five foot section of wall that had a shelf of sorts on it.  I stood by the shelf.  It was...awkward.  A couple girls who also wanted seating also stood by the shelf.    We pretended not to notice that we were all standing at a shelf while we sipped our cocktails.    I started with an Italian 75.  I love the French 75, so I figured...why not?  It's grappa, Prosecco, balsamic vinegar, and rosemary.  It was a good cocktail.    I started a tab and for my next round got a Nardini Reserva from the grappa menu at the bartender's suggestion.  I don't drink a ton of grappa.  It was good.  Stiff in the way that grappa can be, but good.    I ended up getting a seat at the end of the bar and found myself constantly sucking in my breath to make way for the bartenders serving the tables.  I seemed like I was..."in the way".    I had dinner scheduled next door at Piccolo Forno, and got a bottle of wine to take with me before paying my tab.  If you buy the bottle there, they don't charge you the corking fee at PF.  That's a nice benefit.  Busy night, full house, weird seating, good drinks.  I'll try it again if only because it's an ultra convenient waiting area for Piccolo Forno, but also because I have a feeling my next experience will be better.
How have I never reviewed Monte Cello's?  They're pizza is so good.  I think this particular location is my favorite, though I've eaten at probably 6 locations and had similar experiences at them all.    This location is BUSY, so order in advance, or be prepared to wait.  Clean, friendly service, great pizza.  The family "go-to" is the pepperoni and bacon.  It is divine.    The only real downside is that they don't deliver, though it's probably a blessing in disguise because I'd order it every other day.  Eating leftover bacon pepperoni from last night as I write this review.  Great place to catch the game in the bar area (which has restaurant seating...booths and tables as well as a more traditional bar) or get away from the idiot box on the restaurant side.  Private back room is ideal for surprise birthday parties (since I just utilized it for my daughter's 15th).    Parking is often a bit of a chore.  They keep paving more and more of the area around the restaurant for parking, and still somehow fill the lot.  You might need to driver around a bit to find a good spot.
Prefacing this review with the statement that...since this is my first tattoo, I really have nothing to compare to, but...I was definitely satisfied with:  cleanliness service talent ambiance price  I shopped around A LOT before ending up here.  The work they do is comparable with the shops in downtown Pittsburgh, but the price can end up being hundreds less.    They manage to fit people in despite a huge workload and long wait lists.  If you're considering a tattoo, and can afford to wait a couple months for the first opening, then I'd highly recommend them.    A friend recommended them and I am very happy with her recommendation.  Murf did her tattoos, and Dooner did mine.  I don't think you could go wrong either way.  (Can't speak for the other artist(s)).
Vietnamese street food?  Yes please.  Love the Banh Mi here.  Best I've had outside of Vietnam.  I've never been to Vietnam, but strictly speaking that's still a true statement.  They're good.  Lots of great choices and a couple that I encourage you to push your comfort zone with (I'm talking about you, head cheese).    Had never had bubble tea (ti?) before this, and really enjoyed the Acia berry, black tea with tapioca pearl "toppings".  (I put it in quotes because...they aren't on the top.  They drop to the bottom, and every time the girl (the same energetic, friendly young lady always seems to take my order) asks me if I want toppings I freeze like a deer in the headlights until I remember she's talking about the "bubbles" in bubble tea (ti?).  Anyway...great casual dining inside or out on the patio on Butler street.  People watching galore.
Yuzu kitchen started the evening as my second choice, but when my first choice closed for business a half hour before we arrived...Yuzu was the happy ending I DESERVED.    There was not one negative.  I don't know that the food was so good I'd categorize it as five star ordinarily...but...it WAS good.  Really good.  And because it was well-prepared, graciously and quickly served, inexpensive, and delicious...man, I'm hard-pressed to argue myself into a four star review.  The cocktail menu is a high point.  There are some delicious drinks on there.  We made it about four deep in our sampling before cutting our losses, and three out of four were worth returning for in and of themselves.    The food was flavorful comfort food with nice portion sizes.  We ordered a robata sampler appetizer (marinated grilled meats and vegetables on skewers) that was delicious and more than enough for two as an app.  The Da Shoyu Mein entree (ramen / pulled pork / korean pickled bean sprouts shoda shoyu tare / 30 min egg / scallions sauteed mushrooms) I ordered cost $12.  $12.   Server was quick/attentive/knowledgeable.  Laughed at our jokes.  That's important...you know...to me.    Didn't cost an arm and a leg.  Though the cocktail menu prices were consistent with a downtown restaurant (read:  high) the food was inexpensive.  Your bar bill WILL end up costing more than your food.  But...in downtown Pittsburgh, the price point of the cocktails is right there with surrounding venues.  With Pittsburgh's restaurant-rich vibe, the true test of a restaurant for me is whether or not I'd return.  There are just too many great new untried restaurants to go back to a mediocre visit. I will definitely be back!  Food: 4.5 Service: 5 Atmosphere: 4 (it's clean, pretty, dark marble, polished fixtures...but nothing extraordinary) Price point: 6 (whatever.  I can do what I want in the text of the review) Overall combination:  5  Great for dates, happy hours, Asian comfort food, relax and have a drink
We (wife and I) come here a few times a year.  We typically enjoy the food and are shell-shocked by the drink prices.    The good: +The menu is ginormous.  There's something for everyone.  We almost always get the spicy ahi tempura roll.  Love it. +The food is good.  It's not great, but it's good.   +The atmosphere.  It's nicely decorated...fancy feeling.  The bad: -It's very popular.  LOTS of people here at all hours.  It is not surprising to have wait times 1-2 hours on any day of the week at any hour of the evening. -The drinks cost a small fortune.  My wife and I waited two hours for a table one night and thought..."why don't we just have a couple drinks while we wait?"  We did.  We paid our bar tab and then bought dinner and wine.  When we paid for the meal it cost less than the bar bill had for two drinks each.  Best way to enjoy the Cheesecake Factory is go an hour or so before you really want to eat and get on the waiting list.  Take a buzzer with you into the mall, shop for a while and then check back.  Otherwise, the wait is too long.  Plan ahead, and it's a nice evening meal.
Meh.  It was cheaper than I assumed it would be for a full service carwash ($13 for the "deluxe"), but I got home to find most of the break dust still on my front wheels, and cleaning my car only made the pitch/tar spots on the hood more pronounced.    They offered wheel-specific cleaning, maybe that would have taken care of the brake dust, and I didn't really EXPECT them to be able to get rid of those nasty tar spots, so all in all it was a decent car wash.  My daughter was enthralled with it, so I'm sure we'll be back.  It's cheaper than Kennywood, and  my car is clean when we're done with the "ride".
Give it a 5 for ambition.  The rest falls somewhere below that.  Lots of interesting ideas.  Unique preparations.  But...the food falls just a little short.    Do I love any place that tries new things? (Pop rocks in sushi, buzz buttons and dry ice with drinks) Yes.  Did those things turn out as amazing as I'd hoped?  No.    Originally started reviewing this as a 3 overall and then realized I was reminiscing about all the really fun things and 3 was too low.   This seems like it would be an amazing happy hour hangout.  The drinks, while not out of this world, were fun and innovative.  I had a sake boat (which was like an irish car bomb but with sake and bud light) that sort of missed the mark with the crappy beer.  I'm thinking next time maybe Sapporo?  I had a drink with a buzz button, "Szechuan Buzz" (little saliva-inducing edible flower that makes your mouth feel like it's "buzzing") and one with dry ice that I can't remember the name of (always a fun effect).  But none of the drinks I ordered were actually good drinks.  They were just...fun.  Novel.  A friend ordered a bourbon drink "Yuzu Spice" that was a bit strong for her, but I tried it and it was actually the best drink we ordered.  The appetizers (steer clear of the bok choy, which came to the table a bit gritty and had to be taken off the bill) ranged from good to great, with the Ki King Broccoli being hands down the best, and the Chee Chee Fried Brussels Sprouts giving my Pittsburgh favorites a run for their money.  The shishito peppers underwhelmed, the bonito flakes sometimes gave them a fishy taste that was offputting and the peppers were on the mild side.  The Jicama Spring Roll seemed bland, but I also didn't dip it in anything.    The Ki King broccoli and Chee Chee fried bussels sprouts deserve another mention.  The broccoli was completely different than  any preparation I'd had before and it was amazing.  I'd have ordered more.  I'd have eaten it all night.  It's that good.  The brussels sprouts too...it seems like everyone is on board the brussels sprouts express right now, but these were as good as any place in the city...and I've tried a LOT of brussels sprouts.   We didn't actually order the entrees, but got a little sushi.  I ordered the roll with pop rocks, and initial bites were a little..."off".  I got a really strong candy taste in the first one, and it was sort of jarring.  I think it was just a bad bite though, the rest was really good, although the pop rocks themselves weren't really contributing much to the overall taste.  The Poke Aloha was great.  I'd recommend steering clear of the Pop Rocks and trying that (unless you, like me, need the new experience.  Just to see).    Service was great.  The waitress was high energy (I think you have to be, the place was loud and busy).    Atmosphere was great...if you like loud and high energy.    Great place for happy hour/bachelor party/groups...not great for fine dining/date night.  Next time I'll try the entrees and skip the specialty drink menu.
This...was not good.  It was...bad.  BUT, there's a bright side!  Tons of good beer selections.  So while you're sitting at the wobbly table, muscling through the gristle in your steak salad (as my wife did), you can slowly kill the pain of the experience by drinking your weight in some really good beer.  Parking is...confusing.  The parking lot next to the place isn't theirs.  Theirs is practically inaccessible in the back.  We parked across the street at a medical center that was closed.  It was the best parking spot around.  Possibly my review is biased low because we sat next to a group of people who were loudly and drunkenly extolling the virtues of running from the police when you drunk-crash your car into a tree, because by the time the police find you, you're no longer drunk.  Toss in a few eff bombs per second about police...and how many police you've ever beaten up at once...and you have delightful background banter to frame a bad visit to a crappy 'restaurant'.    If this was a pub review, I'd toss another star or maybe even two on it. It's a fine pub.  Just don't eat there.
Strip Mall Chinese, apart from being a fantastic name for a punk band is not a great descriptor for Ya Fei.  The restaurant is clean and well-decorated.  The chinese menu items are done well and...  So are the thai and japanese menu items.  With competition in the same strip mall from a Japanese place, I still find myself ordering sushi from here more often than not.  Similarly I find that the pad thai they serve here is better than the pad thai at the nearest Thai restaurant, less than a half mile away.  I probably order takeout from this location about once a week.    Downside might be the recently increased price of their sushi, but still a great restaurant.
Good coffee, good selection of doughnuts...good breakfast spot for someone budgeting time or providing last-minute faire for a morning meeting.
I approached this place with mild skepticism.  "We unapologetically brew hop pronounced styles ..."  I'm no hop head, but I appreciate a well-hopped beer.  With stiff competition from another local brewery, I was prepared to write this place off as one-note.  It's not. But...how much can you really do with hops?    A lot.  You can apparently do a lot with hops.  In fact, you can make a highly hopped beer taste...not hoppy...or at least not the hoppy you might be expecting.  Mellow to highly bitter, the beers I had covered the whole hop spectrum.  Beers with hints of grapefruit and melon, coffee and chocolate from beer to beer to beer.  This is no one-trick pony.    The "Better 1 or 2" is one of the best beers in Pittsburgh.  I sampled five of their beers (a sampler and a 16 ouncer) and didn't find a weak offering in the mix.  This place is going to give my favorite a run for the money.    Decor is a clean, minimalist industrial.  The sole non-functional bit of decoration I observed was a map of all the microbreweries in the United States.  No wasted space on clean white-tiled walls.  Edison bulbs hang on pendants over the bar area.  Signage consists entirely of a large flatpanel board announcing the beers on tap.    No food inside, although the food truck du-jour was bringing food inside for hungry patrons too cold to wait outside for it.  I liked it.  A lot.
Alright...so here's where membership has its privileges, people.  I had already decided I was buying a car.  I was at the dealership.  I had made my deals.  And then...I checked in and...voila!  Special marketing $1000 added to the book price offer on your trade in.  So...actual tangible monetary benefit of being a Yelper if you had any doubts.    Service was great.  Car was great.  Everything was great.  Blah blah blah A THOUSAND DOLLARS.    Okay...anyway.  Keep checking in, people.  You never know.
It's fine.  This place is fine.    They're slow, yes.  Sometimes you can walk in and stand at the "Please wait to be seated" podium for...five or ten minutes before someone approaches you.  That's probably not fine.    And Thrillist might list the lobster rolls as one of the 50 things you must try when you're in Pittsburgh...but...maybe just visit some coastal venue.  It's fine.  But that's about it.    And they serve oysters.  But they don't know what mignonette sauce is.  Which is fine.  You don't HAVE to know what to serve WITH oysters in order to serve oysters.  It's fine.  It's all fine.    It's pretty clean.  Has outdoor seating.  The food is okay.  I've had better.  I've had worse.    I wouldn't recommend it.  But I also wouldn't warn anyone off it.    Three stars if they paid more attention to getting customers seated and staff didn't walk by the "wait to be seated" sign pretending they didn't notice a line of 10 people slowly building.  (I've had more than two experiences with this.  Okay three.  I've seen this happen three times.  Two were ridiculously long waits.  One was fine.)
On a girls trip from NYC. Everything was great from the start of the reservation with Sylvia to being timely in our pick up and drop off to the drivers who looked professional and extremely courteous. I honestly will say they made my night out awesome! The rates reasonable and well worth it!
I havent purchased a bike for over 10 years. Maybe longer. Before hearing about Gallant Bicycles, the process was difficult to navigate.  What style bike? How do I ride? what size do I need? and how much will it cost me to clean up a used one?  From the moment I walked into Gallant, the staff were friendly and excited to help me out. Rather than force fitting me based on price or whats trending, they figured out what type of rider I am and what type of rider I expect to be in the future.  They were able to dissect my personality and helped me pick out my style bike, colour, pedals, straps, gear-system, brakes, and a 1000 other personalization options...  It took 30 minutes and a week later I had a completely customized bike.  Tony (one of the owners) was also there to show me some self-service techniques.. How to change a flat, tweak the bike, etc....  Not to mention they have some amazing and functional apparel and bags... Scaled from waterproof and high performance to casual  If you need a city bike, work bag, helmet, and more... go to Gallant.. you wont regret it.  Cheers, Jonny
Disgusted by their customer service! An employee was rude, forgot our order, unapologetic, gave us cold food, & made us late for church! When I told her the food was cold she said does she think she's goving me a lesson and the managers were no better. They told me there was no way to heat the food. Horrible service!
Delightful and delicious ice cream.  I had a scoop of Madagascar vanilla and the toffee Carmel.  Both were great.    The owners are there serving the customers and talked about butter cream and sugar ratios.  If I lived here I would come daily just to support these guys.  Fabulous ice cream makes it a no brainer.
Very good ice cream.  Smooth and creamy and not over frozen.  A great pallet of flavors to choose from.  I ate there one hour before closing and things were quiet, but it is a surprisingly small place.  I had the egg nog and the ginger bread.  Bother very tasty although on the conservative side.  The egg nog was not over powered by the alcohol flavors but would benefit from more egg nog taste.  Same with the ginger bread.
This restaurant is located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel Casino. We went for the lunch buffet which was around 22 bucks per person not including drinks. They have a nice sushi selection and they tasted good and fresh. There was also a nice selection of Japanese cold salads and hot entrees. Do not miss the udon noodles bar. They also has a nice desserts selection and a made to order crepe station. I would definitely return here the next time I am back in Vegas
This is a nice Malaysian restaurant on the second floor of a shopping plaza in the Las Vegas Chinatown area about 2 miles west of the Strip. We went there for lunch after driving all night from Wyoming and enjoyed the food so much we went back again for dinner. We had satay and roti chanai and rojak appetizers. We also had the nasi lemak udang mee and beef rendang. Food was delicious. We have to come back here again next time we are in Vegas
This restaurant is a few blocks from the University of Toronto. It looks like your average diner so if fancy ambience is your thing just move on. But if you like cheap good food then this is your place. They have daily combo specials under 10 bucks that will fill you up. I like their kabab combos which will come to you fresh and hot. They are also open late to accomodate the students. I will definitely come back the next time I am in Toronto.
40 bucks for lunch 50 for dinner. Be prepared for a long line. Is it worth the high price and the wait? You bet your ass!! There are different stations for seafood Italian Mexican Chinese etc. Food quality is better than your average buffet. The dessert choices are awesome. Do yourself a favor and try this buffet if you are in Vegas. Just be ready to hit the swimming pools and gym because you will definitely gain some pounds!
This place is overrated and is popular because of the name. The food was not as great as I expected. The service was good but we just didn't feel the greatness that was portrayed by others to us. Was a little pricey as well please price is not an issue with me but at least live up to the nam
awesome fresh donuts everyday..cinnamon twists are huge and has that small crunchiness of the outside,while inside is full of cooked dough! I hate it when I buy twists from other donut places and the inside is still doughy=yuk! only eat Ronalds twists and donut holes..these 2 people work so hard and never take a day off,but Im glad they're open 7 days a week..THANKS RONALDS DONUTS for the freshest donuts in Vegas..
6/27/16 went to this location as I always do for my cigs..the cashier/bartender was the older woman,glasses and short grey hair..used to buy cartons,but their prices have leaped so high,can't afford to buy um that way anymore,so I get loose pks now..went in yesterday to purchase my usual,3pks.of KOOL 100's box..she comes back and scans um and the total was near $27!! WTF?? for 3 pks?she had a attitude as always,like-you want um or not? couldnt get over the price for 3 pks,that's close to $9 A PK!!! Im online trying to find a phone # that works for any Dottys to compare prices..this is a bunch of bull-shit,your phone #'s dont work,I gotta leave a msg.and wait for their response..the day time cashier David,is such a friendly and very polite employee,and I love it when he's there to greet me..I tell you what,when the time comes to get more cigs,probably tmrw,I'll peek in first,and if David is NOT there,kiss my $ goodbye..$9 for a pk of fuckin cigs--are you kidding me,7-11 across the streetjus gained a new customer..Left my name and # on the recording,lets see when I get a call back,or they even care about keeping customers..Im from Hawaii where generics are $10,dottys on the same course!! FUCKIN $9 a pk?
I was in desparate of a lash extentension fillI think I jus about called every salon in vegas..then I happened to come across Sofia at the Phenix beauty and Salon on Buffalo/Flamingo..i called her and told her my situation and I neededher services asap..this very sweet woman,made me a special appt. for 2 hours later on the very same day!Her skill is worth a 6 star rating if there was one..she is spot on with her experienced hands and knowledge..If you're thinking about lash extensions ,or just needed a fill like me,then look No further,give Sofia a call..I guarantee,a you will not be disappointed,and will become one of her regular customer,like I am..and thank you Sofia,you did a beautiful job with my lashes!much mahalos to you!Char B.
The most amazing, delectable, savory pile of bullshit I've ever attempted to obtain sustenance from. Right now I'm laying in my bed upstairs in the Rio, writhing around in pain due to the almost certain food poisoning ill be receiving from my $35 dog slop courtesy of the carnival world buffet. After writing this review ill probably try to go throw up to get these disease-ridden, rancid animal carcasses out of my body that they try to pass off as edible food.   I found a duck tooth in the serving tray, mentioned it to my friend, and an employee hurriedly ran over and tried to hide the fact that one of these foul, rotten pond creatures had lost a molar in my dinner to be.   Our waiter came over and was touching the food on my plate with his bare hands in an attempt to give me some unwarranted advice on opening the soggy, atrophied crap they were calling crab legs.  Our server sat me one foot away from a pile of trash and crab detris the size of a dinner plate on the bench seat next to where I was supposed to be able to eat, which of course was impossible due to the rancid fumes coming off this bullshit.  What topped off my terrible experience was looking across the dining hall and seeing a server with his hand deep down the back of his pants, scratching his ass crack, after which he got right back into handling food and drinks.   Ohh yea, forgot to mention that they let some snobby old woman bring her little dog into the restaurant, just to have it shit all over the place and not get cleaned up for 20 minutes.   I'm very surprised the rio is still allowed to be open and hasn't killed anyone yet. Ohh wait, that will probably be me in 30 mins. My last words on this earth will be to prevent any would be patrons from dining here. The Rio's World Carnival Buffet is the sickest, most diseased, foul crap I've ever laid my eyes upon
Huge selection but their hidden fees are extremely high. Additionally you can't get these folks to give you a price or price difference between models unless you fill-out particular forms.
Have bought several bikes here in the past couple years.  Why? The prices & sales events.  PB kills all its area competitors on Price.   Most of the staff are young, polite and helpful as is the Store Manager Tim.  The Assistant Manager could however loose some of her attitude. Pay a few visits to this store and you'll pretty much stop using local bike shops for you cycling purchases.
Not a Bike Shop for Common Folk.  This place is Hard Core Cycling only.  I tend to agree with other reviewers... staff can be a bit arrogant, and seem way to serious! Lots of potential to reach out to the public and new clients in Charlotte and surrounding areas however this place seems to operate as more of a Competition Cycling Training Center than a retail store.
Horribles service.  For the 3rd time in past three years they failed to return my calls and inquiries.
The wife & I have visited Cutters 3 times in the past couple years, the last time being this past weekend. Its an interesting place.  I say interesting because its so unique, and because I'm surprised that its lasted as long as it has due to its location and lack of advertising. Being that its a Hotel Lounge and being that it can't be seen from the street you would think it level of business would be quite low. On the times we have visited business was extremely slow, however I am certain this place has its moments.  Cutters is one classy establishment and Hardwoods everywhere. We visit it due to the Billiards Table. Yes the smoke could be considered a burden by many, however proper ventilation helps greatly. Drink and Cigar prices aren't cheap, but then again this is no Holiday Inn lounge. Everything is top notch. Class has a price.  My only complaint is that despite Cutter's website speaking to on site parking in the Marriott Garage and parking validation it was unavailable to us. The Marriott attendants wouldn't allow us in the garage. We had to spend $10 to part 2 blocks away.
It's like a sports museum. Great memorabilia. Perfect place to catch a Badger game. Cold beer and good mixers. We had the wings...great homemade blue cheese. Will come back for sure.
I've used Carol's mobile notary several times and have been very pleased. She's mobile, professional, and her fees are very reasonable. I highly recommend her.
First time at Kitchen 56.  We ordered the Chilaquiles and a Beet Salad from the Brunch Menu; and although the taste of our food was VERY good, the portion size of the Beet Salad left us a bit hungry.    I am not a fan of portion sizes that are so big that half the food is either thrown away and wasted or is unhealthy for an average sized adult, but the $13.56 "side salad" sized Beet Salad almost seemed insulting.   They could have at least bulked it up with more greens, but this salad had almost no bulk whatsoever.  My husband was completely finished with his salad before I had even finished half of my $9.56 chilaquiles, which was not a huge portion either, but was plenty.    I'll come back again and try something else, and might have to just speak up if I'm served a child sized meal again.
I just officially had the best sushi in AZ if not in most of the country. I let the chef select and everything was amazing. Soy sauce would be a sin to put on this. Tuna, yellowtail and a stripped bass. I'm still waiting for my "special roll" and I can't wait. Don't let the outside fool you. This place is legitimate!
Amazing Chilaquiles & eggs. Fantastic service and a great menu. I would have taken a picture but it was so good I ate it before it crossed my mind!!! This is a must try.
I have Been sitting here over a half an hours while the lane next to me has went through 2 cars already. I am frustrated  and can't leave because the employees have already put a car behind me.   I am editing my review because the district manager was there, apologized and offered a free oil change for my trouble. I do have to say that he turned my experience around.
They are so unorganized!  I've had multiple lessons scheduled and learned they didn't have us on the schedule.  It's not fun having to explain to a little girl that they didn't have her on the schedule.
The best service I've had in a long time!! I had breakfast at the Peppermill on March 14th, the day after my friend's wedding. We were a group of about 14 people. I was a waitress in my past life and I remember dreading big parties.  Our waitress (wish I remembered her name) was awesome! She was quick, efficient, and offered split checks... she was amazing! The food was good and the service was even better! I will definitely go back to the Peppermill the next time I am in Vegas!!
Best Bang for your buck. excellent quality of work. He really knows his stuff  can't get any happier with his service. I always leave with 100% satisfaction every single time.
Sandra Morals was an outstanding employee for this establishment. Its always good to have an employee who shows pride and enthusiasm for their job.
Called to have my palm tree trimmed and a few bushes removed. Responsive, polite, on time, knowledgeable, and fair, and Howard and team did great work and removed everything after doing a very nice and thorough job. Will definitely count on Heartwood for more services in the future. Very satisfied customer!
Great, prompt, efficient service from Larson. Leo provided great service on my 10 year old ac unit and walked me through things to consider in the next year or so, given the unit's age and status ... especially now that I've relocated from the Midwest and am about to face my first summer here. Thank you, Larson, I've got a good vendor I can count on.
Purchased a home in Scottsdale and AZ Elite managed it for a little longer than a year until I could relocate. They rented it out promptly and I agreed to rent to a couple with two small dogs. Renters were responsible for landscape, which was probably an error on my part. When I relocated I realized the landscape had not been care for at all, which cost me thousands. AZ Elite obviously never checked on it. The dogs ruined my carpet in all three bedrooms and instead of withholding the security deposit, AZ Elite returned it to the renters and the carpet cleaning company called me for payment because AZ Elite wouldn't pay them, which the carpet company told me was typical and why they likely would sever ties with AZ Elite. On a positive note, I did remain positive on my investment in the year+ I was unable to occupy it and for that I'm thankful.
The Vig is fantastic! Delicious mac & cheese, get with broccoli for extra fun (:   Love the vig!
I had a terrible experience here and they ruined my hair.  I have been going to this salon for about 4 years and had gotten my hair died multiple times. My initial stylist quit, so I went to a different one, who was doing alright for a few visits. I have very dark brown hair, so I asked if it was possible to go a few shades lighter.    The stylist said YES and essentially guaranteed that my extremely curly hair would not be damaged after doing a bleach wash.  However, the roots were messed up, so I had to return to have them redone.   After about a week, I discovered it was extremely damaged, dry, and breaking off. It is now MUCH SHORTER than it was before going, due to the damage.  I went in to visit the manager since my hair was so problematic, and she clearly knew there was a problem and sent us away with products to help with hydration and hopefully fix my hair.  It is not improving at all so I will be going somewhere else from now on, and hopefully my hair isn't ruined forever.  My hair is very curly, and this dryness and breakage will make it furthermore difficult to grow out, even to its original length. Disappointed ):
Insane line ups for tacos, gets really crowded for lunch no matter which day of the week you come at. If you're looking for a quick snack that isn't McD their Baja or beef taco is great at $6 a piece. For a more filling option expect to get at least two tacos.   Much more bearable to go to them on a pedestrian Sunday. They seem to move faster.
A decent place to hangout after a long day at work. Their sweet drinks are the best. I would advise against getting anything non sweet from this place, not that filling nor it is tasty.
Average average average. Only decent for AYCE. Just like every other average AYCE place, they WILL forget your order or even mix them up. We ordered beef and got squid tentacles instead (we ate it out of shock still but hmm). Also limited menu for lunch.   Sushi is not fresh, but will get you full nonetheless.
A little pricey, come here with your squad or expect to go broke. [We came for the BBQ]. We ordered cheese BBQ (to order one you need to be at least a party of two or it'll be $39). We taught each other how to eat the pork with lettuce, it was great. The sauces were great, garlic-y and spicy. Cheese was more like fun, it wasn't any special cheese. The pork slices were a little bit expensive btw.  Overall it was a great experience but a little bit gimmicky.
Chocolate lovers unite. Stylish chocolate Cafe similar to Juliette st Chocolat in Montreal. Their hot chocolate menu is pretty extensive and each one comes piping hot in a cool goblet. Depending on which chocolate on the chocolate spectrum you order it could be very sweet or bitter, but all will be thick and not some watered down hot chocolate.   Their food items are pretty lame except for the chocolate fondue. It was fun to try once but it's pretty expensive.   Long lineups at night, we came at 9pm and waited for around 20mins for a table of four.
Just like the name suggest, they specialize in okonomiyakis. The restaurant is kinda small and have virtually no lineups. Seems like that's the case cause they're tucked away on a street west of Yonge.  The okonomiyakis are alright, better quality than most night markets. You get barely any meat with them tho. Ask for more sauce.  If you're not up for okonomiyaki, their hamburg steak is also a good choice. You get to feel healthy since they load the shit out of the plate with bean sprouts. Make sure to ask for more sauce cause otherwise the patty taste kinda bland.  Other than that the wait time is a little longer than other restaurants. Be sure to know what to get before going in.
Overrated, last resort food. Experienced a price hike and quality drop right before they close. Farewell Simon~
My favourite veggie/vegan restaurant. Be prepared to read a novel while you wait for the food to come. Although its not meat based, the spices that they use really made the food taste so flavourful. The bites were delicious, the cutlet chicken were delicious, you can almost never go wrong with any of the items.   It doesn't get too crowded and is able to accommodate large groups. Also perfect for a slow date. The staff there were friendly, which is always a plus.
Cash only unless above $10 (debit only). We used to go here all the time for their steamed pork buns, its adequately stuffed with pork! Lots of selection for sweet cake rolls, and bubble tea.
This place can accumulate some line up so come early. Typical loud greetings and chants you expect from a Japanese bar from the staff. Friendly. They also do happy birthdays so if you wanna embarrass your friends they might be able to arrange that for you.   Moderate price and bar sized foods. Got their bibimbap and fried chicken. Nothing to complain about.
UofT staple, price is ok, food is meh. Service is a hit or miss. If you're not working on a final just go to Chinatown.
One of my favourite place in Toronto. Cheap affordable menu that hasn't changed for the past six years. They have a hidden menu on the wall near their washroom incase you don't find anything you crave in their damaged laminated menu. Expect decently sized + OK tasting food and fast service. Their famous line is that takoyaki takes 20 minutes to prepare, but in reality its usually around 10 - 15 mins.  The venue can get really humid in the summer, and its small enough that it fills up quickly for lunch and dinner on some days. Also when the owner is away, the service tends to slow down.  Note: They have a combo option where you can get any dish + takosen (pretty much three takoyaki pieces) + salad / soup for $3 extra. This is much more worth than getting their takoyaki imo.
Located just a little north of Lawrence. Cozy spot for board games. Saw some people just came here to chill and talk. Their board game selection is pretty exhaustive but almost no duplicates since they're just a small(er) cafe (compared to Snakes & Lattes). Fees are $5 for unlimited hours or $2.5 per hour, unless its a Saturday in which case it'll be $7 for unlimited. Very standard.  Good selection of snacks AND drinks. We ordered the black sesame latte and mango bubble tea and both were surprisingly good. Their grilled cheese wasn't too bad too. All were fairly priced.   Games are marked up here as expected, not sure why you would even buy games from a board game place ofc it'll be marked up. Go to 401 if you really need to buy Catan.
Rose Pistachio, HK Milk Tea, Viet Coffee, Black Sesame, Vanilla Tofu, lots of good Asian inspired flavours. Decently priced + loyalty card! Yummy yummy in yo tummy (if you decide to go).
They have the best matcha soft serve in town Imo, bitter and not too sweet. Used to have long lineups when the hype for them was real. Nowadays they have more manageable lines around 5 - 10 mins.   The shaved ice can get pretty gross if you don't eat it fast enough, I'd recommend just getting their sundae or soft serve instead.
Pricey for students but expected for everything on Liberty Village. Lots of variety for veggies, protein option, and sauces. Everything youd want on a poke bowl. They also have some desserts like raindrop cake for three bucks extra. Friendly staff.   They do Ritual! Don't forget to ask for stamps when you arrive to pick up.  Note: probably better and cheaper to build your own bowl!
We came here cause the chef managed to combine heart attack and diabetes into one giant sweetness overloaded french toast tower. For $15 you too can order that monster. We had different french toast flavours (berries and oreos) and every time we couldn't finish it (party of two and four). It was too sweet. The french toast was delish tho, wish I could just order that. It was also fun trying to play jenga with the toast, seriously its massive (yo mama joke here).  The food was terrible. Bland. Not recommending. Service is mixed, fast and slow. The place also fills up quickly but good thing they do take reservation. Good place for team bonding.  Note: Bring your man on his cheat day to get the most out of yo money.
Friendlier service than Papa CEO. Similar in quality, service (fast), menu, and interior to Papa CEO. "Good enough".   Why are they even side by side???
Everything about this place is a mismatch. Some days you get good service, others nope. Some days you get a nice plating other times it's just meh. Got my orders right but since it's a different chef (I think) the quality changes. The food quality is meh. Decoration inside is almost random.   If you decide to go save yoselves and don't sit on the booths near the stairs leading to the washroom. The smell might get to you. Their washroom has a self drying towel as tissue replacement (not a bad thing but it gets kinda gross).   The Vietnamese coffee is only good when the Viet ladies are working, otherwise they don't know how to make it.
Jumbo momos. All of us had their steamed beef momos. It was cheap and you get ten of them bad boys. Definitely worth the price. The dining area feels like a living room convert, but it doesn't matter you come here for the food anyways.   Super friendly service. The owner was all like 'goodbye handsome' as we were leaving. Thanks.
They used to have a good lavender flavoured bubble tea. Gooooood shi. Doesn't look as dirty/dull as other BBT place. Please reopen faster.
No bullshit dumplings. One of the best dumpling spot in Toronto. The lady working was friendly. The only downside is that its kinda tucked away in Huron instead of on Dundas.
Good for quick snacks, chicken on the rocks is pretty good. They smothered the chicken with garlic sauce, deliciouso. The portions are also generous though I can't really tell the difference between the large and the medium.
One of the first Thai rolls in Toronto. The hype died super hard so don't worry about line ups. They had good flavours and clever namings. Just thai ice cream roll in general I think but the rolls melts quite fast, so better get licking. Gimmicky and pricey. Go to Kekkou instead.
Six dollars coconut based ice cream. The ice cream itself is pretty good but the waffle is stupidly thin that the ice cream seeps out if you don't eat it fast enough. Last time it was cash only so be prepared.
Everyone must order at least one dish to chill here. Ok wifi, good for studying. Doesn't get too loud usually. They have different couches and decors that'll make you feel like a princess. The place itself is actually pretty big, they have some rooms in the back.  Drinks and food wise they're sub-par. Only their warm apple cider was good.
Pricey for their size. Only good if you work near Liberty Village. Otherwise there's better option on Atlantic Avenue.   They do takeout.
Decent place to satisfy ramen cravings if the other ramen places are far from you. Tasty ramens but small portions. Had their chicken katsu ramen and was kinda disappointed since there wasn't a lot of cutlets. The owner is very friendly although he is very rarely seen.
Yah habibti. Super friendly owners. They always fill the shawarma plate full of chicken and all the extra toppings to the point that its overflowing out of the container. Liberty Village staple!
Shitty but quick service. They forget your order so many times. Be patient and just reorder.  Lunch AYCE option is pretty limited and pretty pricey, don't go here for dinner, find some other AYCE. Food wasn't that fresh, but it doesn't really matter since people just come to feel bloated.   Note: Make sure to hit the salad bar and ice cream bar so you don't lose out on that AYCE dollars. Probably the only delicious thing from this place.
Errr very meh. Got our order wrong. Meat was terrible. Actually there was barely any meat in our bland noodles.   Cool decor tho.
They have a large pizza special. Call them, but be patient on the phone, they can be kinda rude. Walking in is another option if you're around the campus. Quality is what you expect from a mom-pop pizza, "good enough". Open very late. Iconic.  Roomier dining area than Cora's.
Clean cafe with a live plant wall. Good place to hang and study, reliable wifi. They have charcoal waffle that actually taste charcoal-y!
Yay for thai food. Their curries (green and panang) are a bit spicy but rich tasting. Friendly service everytime. My favourite thing from this place is the twisty sweet crunchy fritters they give at the end on the house. For lunch I usually get the combo, its cheap and satisfying.
Queen Street Pricing alert for all the budget strapped people. Me and a friend went to try their KFC and it did not disappoint. Came with two sauces, we chose yangneom and garlic and both were delicious. The chicken came out crunchy and they gave us finger condoms so we can eat with our fingers and not get the mess everywhere.   You can ask for the sauce to be separated and refills on the pickled radish.
Got cracked cup once, asked for a new cup or to double it up but instead they toss almost all of my drink down the sink. AND THEN refill it with water, like do you even think for a sec lady?? Will be missed for the day and late night runs, but not for their shitty service.  Edit: THIS PLACE IS NOT CLOSED, these yelpers trippin.
Fancy infinity plates for their $12 series menu. Got the chicken nanban. While it tasted good (love the sauce), it wasn't worth the wait + price. If you're health conscious, the other reviewers were all right, their food are very oily.   Decoration was very manga-y, you'll love what I'm talking about when you enter. Different from other Japanese places in Toronto for sure. Not a bad thing tho, everyone got their own style.  If you decide to come back, make sure to get their pamphlet that comes with 10% off coupon. Gotta save up for college funds yo.
This place has almost no lineup compared to its neighbour Santosei. Not because apples to oranges comparison, but probably because this place isn't all that good (and all the craze is ramen).   The main deterrent to the cutlets is the sauce. Its so weirdly sour. The combination with the fully cooked egg is a no no. The cutlet itself was meh, not too tender.   Some good things about this place is the vibrant yellow paint. Made it stand out from the rest of the place in Little Japan, Dundas. Also the fast service.
Good if you wanna try sipping tea and cheese foam. Pretty small location with barely any room to chill at.
Cute. Ordered the medium sized tiramisu and black sesame shaved ice. I personally prefer the black sesame because the toppings that they put in there were great. Mochi, black sesame ice cream, sesame seeds, yum! The tiramisu came with a block of tiramisu. Both were very milky.  Imo the medium size is enough even for two people. It was also affordable. Cashier person was friendly! Tiny tiny place tho so good luck if you wanna sit down somewhere.  A coworker said men don't go here, but I went anyways.
Cheap Chinese food. Staff is your typical no fks given server, exactly what I expected. I like this place because they open so late at night, perfect pick-me-up for UofT all nighters out there. Look for their late night menu. Gets filled with people looking for hangover cure at 1am, be careful and stay safe.  Stick to the staple Chinese food, don't get stuff like lemon chicken, you'll be thoroughly disappointed. Another tip is that they (used to) deliver for orders above $20, if you're scared of College & Spadina at night you can order in instead.
Another Liberty Village lunch staple. Cute decoration (love their glass), dimly lit place, nice open patio to eat outside. Suffering the same problem as their Japanese cuisine neighbour 'InJapan' in that their food is highly forgettable. I would've given this place a 3.5 though just because their glass noodles has some flavour and chicken cutlet is a little bigger. Also purple rice.  On Ritual.
Quick Carribean comfort food. Extremely good food for their special price. AMAZING coleslaw.
Classic 2012 Halloween brawl WSHH (youtube.com/watch?v=1XoT6VQE0q8).   Good tasting pho (get the 101 or 102, don't get the meat balls one) and vermicelli. Their service is usually pretty fast so no complaints there. Pretty dirty but standard for Chinatown. Try to get the booths/seatings right next to wall, it helps with enjoying the food.   For drinks get the avocado shake, its actually prettyyyy good.  Note: Substitute for egg noodle is free for all the pho items. Be sure to get it if you hate wide rice noodles.
Generic ramen. Decent service. Back maybe seven ten years ago they were one of the only options around and was good. Nowadays there are better options in the city.
Loud. Decent dishes, decent drinks, decent desserts. They do special combos and deals quite frequently. Ideal for bigger groups.   The decor was one of the things that was memorable about this place. Very retro yet traditional. Nudity all over the men's  washroom if you're into that.
Fancy thai bar. Great food for quick lunches. Ambience. Dim. Fast and friendly service. Young professional central, everyone in their suits.
CASH ONLY. Ok or miss service. You need to drench your pho in oyster sauce before your taste bud can even taste something. Pretty dang average.
Best churros in Toronto imo. Really melts in your mouth when its fresh, otherwise its crunchy and good. Get the $5 for three filled churros for best value. Filling available: dulce de leche, condensed milk, chocolate, strawberry. Dulce de leche is probably the best one.
Very slow service times we went. Its also on the expensive side for their sandwich. Otherwise very nice sandwiches and they sell cream soda in bottles.
They had lots of Japanese manga for people like me to pretend read. They have a good lunch combo menu. If you're looking for a snack, get their karaage instead. I feel like they mispriced this by a couple bucks cause for $5 you get like almost a meal. Ramen is so so, they weren't too generous with any pork slices.   It wasn't busy the times I went (weekday dinners and lunches). Quick service!
It was like a russian roulette when ordering, what you expect might not be what you will be getting. Very slow service, we waited more than half an hour for our food to come. The menu description didn't do justice describing some of their dish.   Please remember that everything is ramyun/ramen noodles based. We had their spicy noodles, creamy noodles, chicken cutlet, and ramen fried chicken. The spicy noodles was bearable, barely any meat. The creamy noodles, just no, it was Italian fettucini but with ramen noodles. Ramen fried chicken was a one time gimmick, nothing special. Out of the three main dishes my fave was the chicken cutlet because it came with strawberry slices, yum!
My university days favorite. Generous portioning on every visit, even the smallest portion can fill ya up. They also have some of the best coleslaw in Toronto according to me. Insane lineups for lunch and weekends. Also closes at 7pm so that's a bummer.   The difference between their medium and large size is pretty mysterious. I'd just go for either a large or small (special) portion.   Please bring cash, they really appreciate people paying with cash. Otherwise just order on Ritual to avoid talking to them.
Standard generic North American breakfast. Pricey but what do you really expect.
Korean street food. Theres that guy that reviewed "Cheap. Quick. Delicious." and he's not wrong.   Always go for their rice and fish cake. The taiyaki is fresh. Perfect Yonge and Finch chill food.
Hipster-y, just like everything else in this area. Captain Jerk and the Atomic Burger are certified goodness. The cheese in the Atomic Burger was something I craved for days after. Fries were fresh and the dips were good. Plenty of seatings for dine ins.
Mountain of fries, squeaky curds, ok amount of meat, your classic Smoke's Poutinerie. Staff is really friendly. Similar to other Smoke's chain, the food is there to only satisfy your cravings.  On Ritual.
Your typical Chinatown food. Dog buns, sesame balls, curry buns. All decent for the cheap price you pay.
A nice solid bowl of black sesame/garlic oil ramen. Everything on the menu is safe. Decent service time.  One major complaint that's absolutely outside their control is the horrid lineup. Be prepared to line up on the streets in winter if ya came late. This place is popular for weekends and dinners.
Hidden gem? Like actually hidden inside the basement food court of some condo near Gerrard street. They make bomb Japanese curries. The consistency was perfect, not too thick or watered down. Only thing is that they could use an extra strip or two of the meat of choice. Best eaten when its still hot, but that food court is too depressing to eat at.   The lady working there never fails to try and strike a conversation with everyone. Always be like 'where you from, whats your major?'. Very friendly! Always keep in mind when doing takeouts to not shake it too much cause the sauce might leak.
They have two main pork cutlet option, loin and tenderloin for a dollar extra. The tenderloin was absolutely worth the extra dollar. It was considerably more tender than the normal loin. Their cheese stuffed cutlet was also worth the extra two dollars if you're a fan of melty string cheese. Don't forget that there is an infinite refill option for the salad + rice + miso soup. Extra cutlet cost $8 but you have to order with the base cutlet set.  If you don't feel like spending $13 - $15, a cheaper but also delicious option from this restaurant would be the donburi for $10. Overall its a nice place to eat for lunch or dinner, great atmosphere, great food, friendly staff.
Nostalgic. Don't remember many places with floor seating but this was one of them. If you don't feel adventurous or just hit the gym before going you can just sit on a chair in their other dining area. The floor seating is heated in the winter.   You get minimal side dish, kimchi and radish only, though the kimchi was pretty big they had to give us a pair of scissors. I would go for their spicier dishes (army stew, rice cakes) as they were the ones that stood out of the bunch (don't go for chicken cutlet, just go to Galleria if you really want some). Purple/brown rice option is a dollar extra, so no.  I went several times and every time the food and service was good. One of the male server even went above and beyond separating our bills into six different tabs with some complicated math equation halves thirds quarters.
Good coffee, good location, good service. Like every place in Kensington, they really appreciate you paying with cash. The best thing about this place is their decor and chill space in the back. People usually just come and do their work here.
Roomy space. Good service and friendly staff. The food is quite pricey for the portion they served but expected for anything on Queen West. The arepas were delicious and unexpectedly filling. I had the chorizo and egg arepa and wished that they put more chorizo in there. They had a super spicy orange condiments for all you spicy lovers.  They do Ritual btw.
Prices have gone up over the many years I've come to this place. The menu is massive and dishes are generally good. Don't really remember any particularly bland tasting ones. Expect shit/sub-par service and cold shoulders.  Note: For sit ins, don't forget that you can ask for side dish refills up to three times. They don't explicitly mention this anywhere but it used to be written on the old menus/pamphlets. They only have lunch specials ($1 off) for certain dishes between 12noon - 3pm. Also ask for drinks right away.
This place is really only decent for its sushi selection. Better than the sushi boxes you get at the nearby Metro. Other than that the bento boxes are pretty forgettable. Staple place for everyone that works around Liberty Village. Might be good for team lunches because of their nice patio.  Also on Ritual.
Came for the Islamic noodles. The coconut milk base was amazing. Also tried their orange chicken. It was plated in a way that made it look small, but it was surprisingly filling. Not really digging the shared seatings but chances are you'll get it if you're a small party.    Unbeatable price for students craving Thai cuisine.
BEAN BAGS. Dirty bean bags? OK place to hang out. Sub par food + food selection.
Not sure why the GPS takes you to an RV dealer, but head a few blocks to 85th street and  N. W. Grand Ave...you will find it on the corner. One of the best of not the best donut I've ever had. Nothing fancy, but if you like glazed donuts and are in the area, definitely check them out!
My husband and I usually love eating here. But, the last time we went we were VERY disappointed. The food was very good, as usual but the service was way off. I would go as far as to say our server Beth was highly disrespectful to our party. Our table was unattended to and when it was she had a very bad attitude. The service ruined the entire experience and we were so excited to take our family there because this was one of our favorite places. I am very sad to say we will not be going back again.
Delicious! We weren't starving so asked the waiter to select four appetizers that we could easy split. Such a great idea! See the pictures but we had tuna roll, octopus, lobster pasta, shrimp and oysters followed by these little pastries similar to a donut stuffed with either chocolate or vanilla cream. It was a wonderful experience and our waiter was top notch!! I would definitely go back and recommend anyone else to also.
A wonderful aromatherapy treatment with scalp enhancement has prepared me well for my last night in Vegas. I had a male therapist and he was amazing! The spa is beautiful and comfortable but not as quiet in the common areas as others I have visited, which is the only reason I don't give them five stars. (I'm a lone spa-goer so enjoy the peace and quiet.) There are heated stone lounges that were a great start and the rainwater showers - spectacular!
So many people told us that the pool parties were the place to be so we decided to check out Rehab on Sunday. I was a little nervous at first because everyone was saying that you have to dress to impress (makeup, jewelry, hot bathing suits with high heals, etc) and that if you didn't then you wouldn't make it in. Nerveless we decided to just see what happens. So we got there about 30 minutes after it opened and there was a 45 minute wait. Lucky it was just the two of us so we got pulled out of the line and brought up front making the wait only 5 minutes. The price to get in was $30 for guys $20 for girls (yes just to walk into the pool area) and $5 for a locker. Luckily we found two chairs right by the pool that were free!!!! (You usually have to pay $200 for a chair). The drinks were awesome and so was the food. We spend the whole day laying out and dancing to the DJ. As far as the people who were there it was about 50/50. 50% were average and the other 50% were wearing nothing with stripper high heals and their make up and hair done like they were going to a photo shoot. They were right; it was defiantly the hottest pool party in Vegas!
I was able to stay here due to a conference I had to attend for work and man was I lucky, this hotel is amazing. Very elegant and classy, beautiful marble title through the whole hotel. The casino area is clean and it's packed with tons of great bars and restaurants. The staff is friendly and very helpful. They will go out of their way to make your stay pleasant. The rooms are spacous. The pools are rediculous. There are five different pools to choose from - one of which being a wave pool and one being the only pool in Vegas that offer a sandy beach. The only thing that I did not like about this hotel is that it is one of the last hotels on the strip - which means it takes awhile to get to the other hotels on the strip. At least there is a free tram that takes you to the Luxor and the Excalibur.
After checking out Trip Advisor (a million times) we chose to say at the MGM Signature (rated #1 on Trip Advisor). This place was AMAZING! I would never stay at another place again. The hotel is gated so not everyone can walk in and out of your hotel. All the rooms are suites. Our room had a bathroom with his and her sinks. There was a HUGE glass shower and Jacuzzi. The room had one king size bed, desk with chairs, a couch and arm chair, mini kitchen and a big walk in closet. There was also a iPod dock and flat screen TV with a DVD player. Since it was a private hotel they gave you free complimentary water which is great because water is around $7 a pop. We also had a balcony that overlooked the strip. Everyone who worked at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. They even let us print out our boarding passes at the front desk so we didn't have to check in at the airport when we were leaving. Also, because we were staying at the signature we were able to access MGM casino, pools, restaurants, etc for free. They also gave us $25 towards breakfast at delights (very good food) and a $25 actives card that you could use towards any of the shows/restaurants in the hotel or MGM Casino. The price tag for this hotel is pretty high, but we booked out stay through hotels.com and ended up only paying for 2 nights (buy two nights get the third free).
Love LOve LOVe LOVE this place! Everything I had was amazing!!   We started off with an array of different appetizers - the list consisted of various different pizzas, grown up pigs in a blanket, mini crab cakes, fried calamari, and this little fried mushroom and rice balls (I don't know the proper names). My favorite would be the fried calamari - it's salt and pepper calamari with rock shrimp and then topped with a sweet Thai chili sauce. It has that spicy kick to it! My second favorite was the dish I didn't know the name of (little fired mushroom and rice balls). They were so packed with flavor, that every bit I took I felt like my mouth was about to explode.  When it came to dinner, even though I was super full, I had the lobster roll sandwich which came with a side of fries. The lobster roll sandwich was good and  huge. If I could only make a slight change, it would to have them put a little less of the mayo on the dish. Other than that it was really really good. So good that even though I was stuffed after the first bit, I pushed myself to eat one half of the sandwhich and then eat the other halfs lobter only. As far as the fries are concerned, they were made just how I like them. Super thin, crispy, and covered in salt and pepper. They reminded me of a better version of McDonald's. (I know I know I shouldn't compare these two places, but I do love there fries...Sorry).  As far as dessert, we had another array of desserts. Now even though I was super stuffed, I had a little bit of room for a taste test. We had apple strudel. mini chocolate donuts filled with camel, strawberry souffle, and a smore cake. My favorite was the smore came. Graham cracker bottom, dark chocolate fudge middle, and then topped off with a torched marshmallow. Yum YUm YUM!!!
I picked Stack because it's owned by the same company that owns FIX (which was out of the world). Luckily I was able to make a reservation for the same day as the Love show.   We started off with pigs in a blanket and the spicy Japanese crab, The pigs in a blanket were just like the ones you would get at any cocktail party - amazing! The spicy Japanese crab was just okay - I did not think it was bad per say, it was just not my taste. It was shredded crab on top of rice and lightly covered with a citrus soy sauce.   For dinner I had the stacked Kobe beef burger with grown up tater tots. The Kobe beef burger was really good, but I didn't not care for the tater tots. They were stuffed with brie cheese and bacon. I think the bacon is what threw me off, I would have liked them if they were just filled with potato and brie cheese.   I then had to have the jelly donut munchkins with vanilla dipping sauce for dessert. OMG!!!! They were amazing. When I bit into these I thought  I was in heaven. Just thinking about them makes my mouth water.   Other than the food, the staff was outstanding, the decor is chic and the food presentation is very clever. For example when the jelly donuts came out, they were stacked in a mini cardboard box that said stack all over it (it looked like a DD munchkin box).   I am so glad I was able to come here. I will defiantly be coming back the next time I am in Vegas!
I grabbed a quick lunch here with a co-worker after we were traveling for what it seems like FOREVER. Since it was already after two when we sat down, we decided to get one appetizer and one sandwich to share. We started with Tempera Spicy Crab Roll and then moved on to the Triple Decker Sandwich. Both were very good and HUGE! The Tempera Spicy Crab Roll was my favorite. The only problem I had was that the roll was so big. It was so big that I couldn't fit the whole thing in my mouth - I literally had to cut it in half. The Triple Decker Sandwich was just as big, I had to eat it in sections. Great place to come with an appetite.
After much debate (we read many mixed reviews) we decided to eat at the cathouse. The food was good, not amazing, but good. We decided that we would share a bunch of mini meals. We got the glorified chips and onion dip, pigs in a blanket, fried mozzarella balls and mini cheeseburger. The mini cheeseburger was def MINI. We paid way too much for a cheeseburger that I could eat in basically one bite. I can't really comment on the drinks since we didn't have any (we were still way too drunk from earlier that day). The decor was something to see, but we didn't see that many girls. Almost everybody in the place was a guy and there were no waitress/models playing the part of "the cathouse." The girls that I did see were wearing shorts and a button down shirt and there was no "show" to watch while eating. Overall I would not recommend it as a must see when in Vegas. Defiantly not what I expected.
Don't get overwhelmed by the endless amount of yummy tapas that Julian Serrano has to offer. Everything on the menu is delicious!! Here is a quick rundown of the different things I had and their individual star rating.  1. Lobster-pineapple skewer -  lobster tail with pineapple and covered with sesame oil - Star Rating * *  2. Seared scallop in a romesco sauce - Star Rating * * *   3. Sauteed baby spinach with pine nuts, raisins, apples, and shallots - Star Rating * * * *   4. Marinated olives - Star Rating * *   5. Pintxo de chorizos, which are mini spanish pork chorizo over garlic mashed potatoes in a garlic sauce - Star Rating * * * * *   6. Beef and cheese - prime tenderloin topped with cheese, honey, and pecans - Star Rating * * * *   7. Grilled angus flat iron steak with japanese eggplant and a mushroom demi - Star Rating * * * * *  8. Red Wine Sangria - Star Rating * * * * *   Again, I think anything you get here will be delicious. And if it's not, it's okay. Tapas are small plates that you share, so just pawn it off to someone else and dig into the next dish.
Words cannot describe how amazing this show is. I have no idea how these performers can move like they do. The props, scenery and costumes are like candy to the eye. Each one out does the next. Of course the music is great - The Beatles - do I say more. This is by far the best Cirque du Soleil show.
WOW - What a beautiful spacious hotel room. I do not think that I can ever go back to another hotel after staying here. I sure was spoiled scoring a room here! Between the amazing decor, soft King size bed, to the TV in the bathroom (that had both a shower and tub) and the sitting/office area I was in heaven. And the staff couldn't have been more accommodating, helpful and friendly. Now this is how you should feel /be treated at every hotel. You defiantly feel like you are staying at a resort when you are staying at the Palazzo.   I also really enjoyed the fitness facility, high end shops, and delicious restaurants that the Palazzo offers. I didn't get a chance to check out the pools, but I am sure they are just as amazing as the rest of the hotel and it's facilities.   All around an amazing hotel!
Maybe I am a bagel snob - but coming from NY/NJ I think I am entitled to be so. These bagels are something that would come out of the freezer - small, overly doughy/chewy, and no flavor. Oh and if you want to get an egg sandwich - be ready for a pre-made egg that comes out of the microwave. I mean really - how long does it take to put an egg on the grill - a whole whopping 3 minutes. Are we that lazy that we need to nuke our eggs. Never again - I rather eat cold cereal (with no milk) from the hotel.
After eating at the Cathouse the night before my boyfriend and I were looking forward to having an amazing meal. Thank god we decided to eat at FIX. It did not disappoint us one bit. The food was outstanding! We heard from a lot of people that it usually gets packed on the weekends so we made reservations before we left NY. Thank god because if we didn't we would have had over a two hour wait. We started off with the adult Mac and Cheese which was amazing. I could have defiantly ordered another round! I then had lobster with gnocchi's that were wrapped in prosciutto and my boyfriend had scallops that were covered with a crab hollandaise sauce. Then (even though we were stuffed beyond belief) we had he mini banana billed donuts with peanut butter and chocolate sauce. All I can say in yum yum YUM! I will defiantly come back the next time I visit Vegas!!!
When you walk past one of these bakeries, you are overwhelmed by the endless amounts of goodies they have to offer...ice cream, chocolate, muffins, baked goods, cookies, pastries, etc etc. You honestly go on sugar overload just looking at the endless options. You don't know which way to turn or frankly to order. It makes you wish you had an endless amount of money (in which some do) to order one of everything and do a tasting.   After what seems like an hour long decision, I order a snickers pastry. It's a dark chocolate shell with chocolate moose, caramel, and nuts inside. Phenomenal. A perfect blend of all four flavors. Now that I am thinking about this decant dessert, it makes me wonder if they ship. Ummmm????
Two second Review: Grabbed a quick bite here for lunch (only because there was no line). I had a half of salad and half of pizza - I was not impressed by either of them. I heard this restaurant is very good, so I am going to chalk it up to the items I ordered.
Even though everyone raves about this place, I was not that impressed.  The decor was beautiful, it sits next to the Bellagio fountains, so every ten minutes or so you were able to see the fountain show.   The staff was semi-friendly. Our waitress seemed a little taken back by some of the questions we had. I'm sorry, if I don't know what something is, I am going to ask, not just order and hope for the best.   When it comes to food, we started off with the legendary bread and olive spreads. Both were delicious! I couldn't decide what I liked better, the chocolate rolls or the different oil spreads. Um!  We then moved on to appetizers. My tuna carpaccio was very good. The tuna tasted fresh and the glaze that was on top had a sweet soy glaze to it (it was special that night).   As far as the main meal is concerned I was deeply disappointed. I had the salmon tri which was basically, three salmons (duh) one seared salmon filet, one salmon tabouli, and one salmon cake. The only one that I liked was the seared salmon. Everything else had a strange after taste to it; so strange that I had one bite and put it aside. I didn't eat the meal. When my semi-friendly waitress noticed that I didn't eat my meal, she inquired why. I explained that I didn't like it and she offered me a dessert instead. No, she didn't ask me if I would like something else, no she didn't offer to take it off the bill or even half of it off the bill, she asked me if I wanted dessert. I couldn't have dessert that day (stupid diet I'm on) so I told her no thank you. I then thought, maybe she would take it off the bill at the end. Nope. I just spent $36 on a salmon tri that I took 3 or 4 bites of and then threw away. What a waste of money!!
If you are in the mood for some good sushi come here for the lunch box special. For only $18 you can get two rolls, three pieces of sashimi, seaweed salad, shrimp tempura, and enzyme. Everything in extremely fresh and packed with flavor. The two rolls you get are spicy tuna and California roll. The shrimp tempura is a bit greasy, so you might not enjoy it as much as the other items. Be careful f the wasabi - it is extremely spicy. Oh and the staff is not that friendly or helpful. We had to wait about 10 to 15 minutes before we could get the check. Not a good thing when you need to get to your next class.
I am very torn on how I should review this hotel. So let me break it down.  Pros: - Beautiful new hotel. Everything is clean and top notch. The decor is very chic and trendy. - The rooms are all suites, therefore it's like having your own mini apartment. This is nice if you had to stay here for awhile. You have your kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, and living room. - Beds are extremely comfy. As soon as you hit the pillow you are asleep (or maybe that is from all the late night adventures :-) - Overall the staff is very friendly. - The gym is awesome! Tons of cardio and weight machines, as well as free weights and yoga mats.  Cons: - They did not have any restaurants. They only place you could eat was the Market Cafe, which is not that impressive. Not to mention it is only open for breakfast and lunch. There is no place (other than room service) that is open for dinner. - It is far away from everything (except the Aria & Bellagio). You defiantly have to walk a bit to get to the other casinos. - It does not have a casino - It's extremely hard to get a taxi. Each time I needed one, I had to wait at least 20 minutes each time.  - The cleaning service was not good. They left a mess in my room, a mess that I did not originally make.  Guess after re-reading my review, I would give it two stars. When you think of the endless amount of hotels they have in Vegas, this does not compare to half of them.
I really hate buffets - I really really do hate them. I don't know why I even step foot in them - maybe because they are really the only place that offers breakfast super early in Vegas?? The food is never good and I never eat enough for what I am paying for. With that being said - $18 for a western omelet and a glass of water is a little crazy - not the buffets fault - but it still rubs me wrong.  As far as the food is concerned - or should I say the omelet - average nothing to write home about. I didn't even try anything else because it all looked shriveled up...like it was sitting under a heat lamp way to long :-(
I came here for an event for work, so this review will be short and to the point:  First - The atmosphere here is very cool and unique. Obviously, since it's the Harley Davidson Cafe its filled with - yes you guessed it - Harley's. From the pictures on the wall to the four actual bikes rotating through the cafe on a large conveyor belt, you feel like grabbing a helmet and taking off on one of the Harley's.  Second - The staff here is amazing. Great to work with. No matter what you need they will find a way to make it work. And they are extremely nice and friendly.  Third - The food was okay. It's more bar style (again what do you expect). Fried mac and cheese, sliders, quesadillas, etc, etc. It wouldn't be my first place to visit, but it was a good place to grab a good burger and fries.
When in Vegas you need to stop here for dinner - the food is outstanding. To be honest I don't remember what I got since I went there in November, but what I do remember is that everything that I had I loved. I will def be coming back here next November for my annual trip to Vegas.
Can someone please explain to me why there is a line of 25 people deep at the breakfast buffet and only one (slow ass) person there to seat people. It's not like it was super early in the morning (like 4 AM), it was 8 AM - AKA prime breakfast time. There should have been 2 or 3 employees seating people. The amount of time we waited to be seated was longer than the amount of time we spent eating our breakfast (which was totally not worth the $18 charge). Not to mention it was a huge challenge to get a waitress to bring us water, orange juice, or anything else we may have needed. This experience just reaffirmed why I hate buffets.
Great Hotel. Amazing Staff. Clean Rooms. Comfortable Beds. Great Cafe. What more can you say...overall a great experience!   I do have to elaborate on how great the cafe inside the hotel is. Normally most hotel cafes are average - I typically don't like to get food from them, however when in a rush to grab a quick breakfast before my show on Wednesday, I stopped and got the healthy breakfast sandwich. It was AMAZING. I would have gotten it again the second day if I didn't run out of time getting ready. I don't know how their lunch/dinner is - but I do highly recommend getting their breakfast. Good tasting food and not overly expensive.
This 24 hour cafe is a great place to grab a quick bite especially when it comes to breakfast. If you want something light get the exotic fruit plate. It is loaded with pineapple, melon, cantaloupe, grapes, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, and mango. It also comes with two slices of banana bread.   If you want to indulge get the stuffed french toast. It's two huge pieces of thick bread stuffed with a cream (kind of like what is in an eclair) and topped with strawberries, raspberries, and bananas.   Both meals are amazing and large enough to share. Maybe get both that way you can be 50% good and 50% bad :-)
I have been waiting so long for my In and Out burger. I have been hearing about this West coast chain for ages. Everyone talks about how GREAT it is - "It's the best burger in the world" - "You will never have such as good burger in your life" - "I travel to the West coast just for this burger." So when I found out that there was one a couple of blocks away from the convention center I was working in, I was beyond ecstatic. I just had to get there. So I dragged two of my co-workers to In and Out to grab a "burger and fries". It was amazing. Out of this world. The best burger I ever had. Etc. Etc. Other than that, I really can't say much. If you never had it - You NEED/HAVE to experience it. If you had - you don't need any other explanation. It's just that good!
I really don't have much to say, since I grabbed a quick bite here for lunch. I had the shrimp tempera and salmon and avocado roll. Both were great - they tasted very fresh. The prices couldn't be better - $14 for lunch. The decor is cool - I know this sounds odd - but if you visit you have to check out the bathrooms - they are super cool.  The only thing I didn't like was that they didn't have that many signature/special rolls. They probably had about 5/6 different options when it came to special rolls and they seemed a little to far out there. Not what I would want included in my sushi. But then again, I am just a beginner, so maybe I am not open minded enough when it comes to sushi. Guess you will have to go visit and decide for yourself. Don't worry, it's worth the visit.
I was looking to grab a quick bite when working a trade show at the Sands Convention Center. Usually I visit the "food court" but this time I wanted something that offered a bit more flavor.   This place served both needs - it got me and out (within 30 minutes) and served me up one good burger with some tatter tots on the side  Of course on my way out I got the triple dark chocolate shake which definitely helped me get through the rest of the day.
After spending 5 hours in the airport and 5 hours on a bumpy flight, I finally landed in Las Vegas. Since I was traveling for about 10 hours (or more) I was starving for something other than airport food. I didn't know where to go, so I turned to my friend who is stationed out here to bring me somewhere good and low-key. He picked a great place! We started off with guacamole and two different kinds of salsa. The guacamole was really really good! It was the second best I have ever had. We then had the beef quesadilla, which were also very good. Super cheesy, and the beef was extremely tender.   Oh and if you are going to get a drink (which you are since you are in Vegas) get the pitcher of red sangria.....So Delicious!!!!!
I have some mixed feeling about this place....   When it comes to the staff - 5 Stars! They are over the top, bend over backwards nice/friendly. They go above and beyond to make sure your meal/experience is a good one.   When it comes to the food - it breaks down in two sections. Let's start off with the 5 star section.   The bread (I know who rates the bread...me) is delicious. I could make a meal of just eating a loaf or two. And the penne ala vodka is lick the bowl good. The pasta is homemade and the sauce is perfect. Literally I wanted to lick the bowl :-) Oh and the pear four cheese ravioli - OH MY GOD - It was brought out for us just to sample with our meals. So rich and delicious, I was cursing myself that I didn't order it as my main meal.   However the fried shrimp, bruschetta and risotto ball is about three stars. The shrimp and risotto ball were a bit over fried and greasy for me and the bruschetta was a bit dry. The salad and steak were also three stars. The salad was average - nothing too exciting on the place. And the steak was just so-so. Sadly, I could have cooked a better one at home (for a third of the price). Not to mention, I really didn't like the sides - roasted potato and a sprinkling of mixed vegetables. Again, nothing to write home about.
Let me start off by saying that I can't wait to come back here. I love all the starters and tiny buns - oh and lets not forget about the milkshakes! Okay okay - I am getting ahead of myself..let's start at the beginning.  I came here with a co-worker and we decided to get a bunch of plates to share. We had the following (listed in order by favorite):  1-Lobster Mac & Cheese - Lump chunks of lobster in a decant creamy mac and cheese sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  2 - Pizza Twinkie - mozzarella cheese and pepperoni in a twinkie type of dough - deep fried with tomato dipping sauce. Grown up pizza rolls - Yum!  3 - Fried Pickles - Nothing more to say - they speak for themselves.  4 - Lobster Filet Tiny Bun - Two tiny burgers that are made with filet mignon and topped with lobster.   5 - Blue Cheese Kettle Chips with French Onion Dip - These were a bit average. Would not get these again. I could have bough the chip and made the onion dip at home for the same or less price.  We then moved on to the best part...the HUGE milk shakes ( I couldn't even finish it and I love me some ice cream :-) Try to Oreo or Pumpkin - Out of this world delicious!!
Great place... good people, fun atmosphere, fair prices, yummy drinks, and live entertainment! Other than that, I don't have much to say since we only came here for drinks.
What can you really say about a convention center - I have been to a few now - so I think it's fair to say that this is one of the cleanest, friendliest, easiest to get around places I have been. Although it is quite big, they have tons of signage and people directing you on where to go. Oh and I love that they have somewhat decent places to grab food. There are not a lot of places offered - but the food quality is better than most.
The pool at MGM was nice; especially since it was free (we were staying at the MGM Signature). I am not sure if I would spend the extra money to come to this pool if I was not staying at the MGM. They had about 4/5 pools and a ton of free lounge chairs. The DJ was good and the drinks were the best price that we found all weekend. If you bought the special size (32oz) it was $21 but then it was only $9 refills. I really wanted to do the lazy river, but it would have cost us $16 a person to rent the raft so we waited until the end of the day. After the majority of the people went home we took two abandoned rafts and went on our way. The lazy river was okay....I defiantly do not think that it is worth the $16. Just wait until after 2 pm so you can do it for free!
With little or no time left before I had to head to see "O", I grabbed a quick bite at Snack Bar. I got a bit nervous at first because the line was so so so long, but it move very quickly. They must have it down to a science. You are in and out (ordering your food that is) within ten minutes. Pretty good for a non-fast-food eatery. The only down size of it being so packed, was that there was really no place to sit. Thankfully, I got my order just as a couple was leaving, so I was able to sit for five minutes to scarf down my food. Speaking of the food. It was decent. Not the worst, but defiantly not the best (especially in this town). I had a simple grilled chicken with salsa and guacamole. The chicken was a bit dry and spicy and the guacamole was average.
No impressive....Sorry. The shrimp scampi appetizer that we started with was bland and the shrimp were hard. For dinner, my diver scallops were a cold (they were supposed to be warm). Wouldn't come back here again.
Oh My God - Such a great experience. Everything from the company, to the food, to the ambiance, to the entertainment was amazing.   First of all it's off the strip, so you don't have that crazy rush of people coming in and out of the place. It's sort of refreshing, after being surrounded by people 24/7. The place is pretty small, you can probably fit about 50 people in the whole place. So make sure you make a reservation, if you want to get seated right away.  Once you walk in you will notice the great decor. Beautiful bold colors all over the the restaurant, its literally covered top to bottom. The tables/seats are covered in plush cushions, which make you never want to get up from the table.  As far as the food is concerned, everything is on a set menu. It's six courses, the first being shrimp scampi, the second being a tomato based soup, the third being hummus and vegetable platter, the fourth being beef kabobs, the fifth being chicken and couscous, and the sixth and last being a fruit, powdered sugar, filo dough dessert. Everything was family style and amazing. Oh and they really don't give you any silverware, so you have to eat with your hands, good thing they wash your hands with rose water before hand. I really can't tell you which of the six dishes was my favorite, everything had a unique delicious taste.   The other great thing about this restaurant was the entertainment. Every 15 minutes or so a belly dancer would come and dance about two or three songs. The girls are beautiful and it's amazing how they move their bodies. They also interact with the crowd, they encourage people to come up and dance with them. When I was there some of the crowd was getting too happy - they were making it rain on the belly dancers - throwing lots and lots of dollar bills at them.   I can't wait to come back again. I will have to take some belly dancing classes before hand, that way I can dance with the best of them!
This is just like any other Pandora Jewelry shop. The only difference is that they offer the lucky dice. It is actually a charm that was originally retired, however now it can only be picked up in Vegas.   I had to pick up two - one for me and one for my mom - that way we can always remember our time in Vegas Baby!
I got talked into eating here, against by better judgment, and my expectations/gut was right. I don't know why, but I just didn't want to eat here, for some reason the menu did not wow me, but because I like to make others happy (the people pleaser I am) I came here.   I opted for the green fettuccine with mushrooms, peas and parmesan truffle sauce. Eh - just okay. I'm not sure why, gain I can't place my finger on why, but it just didn't wow me. It tasted kind of greasy and not at all like parmesan sauce. The portions are pretty small and when you are spending $27 for a pasta, it should be out of the world!   For dessert, I ordered some lemon thing. I call it a think because I can't even explain what it is (neither could the waiter), it was so nasty that I took one bite and sent it back.   The decor to the place is kind of plain, but the staff is amazing. Our waiter was one of the best I have ever had in a long long time. He gets five stars!!!!
Probably the best place in the Sands Convention Center to grab a quick bite to eat (that is if you don't want anything extremely greasy and salty). Try the panini that is made with tomato, mozzarella, and pesto. Pretty good for food court food.
Yet another great stop in Charlotte...what is it with this place...who knew they would house so many great places to eat! Anyway - love the feel of this restaurant and the staff. The food is also top notch.   I would highly recommend the blacked brie and chicken tenders as an appetizer. Brie I am always a fan of - but I love the paring - put a little bit (or a lot depending on how much of a cheese lover you are) on the ciabatta toast, then top it off with a slice of apple and then a dollop of the apricot cranberry chutney - delicious! And the chicken tenders....I normally hate chicken tenders, but these were so tender and jam packed with buffalo flavor, I couldn't help myself to reach for another one.   Now when it comes to dinner, I am not going to lie - you are going to have a hard time picking something out since everything on the menu looks so good. I mean it took me almost 30 minutes to decide - I kept on going back and forth on a couple of things - but I am happy to say I made the right choice. I was a bit nervous since it was a little out of the box for me - but when I took my first bite of the Hong Kong Style Chilean Sea Bass - I thought my taste buds were going to explode. So rich, so delicious. The sea bass just melted in my mouth. Oh and the coconut curry rice cakes that they come with are to die for. Again, I was a bit nervous since I don't like curry, but the coconut defiantly balances it out. The only thing I didn't really like were the snow peas - they were a bit too oily for me.   And so since we had such a great experience with both our appetizers and dinner - of course we had to order dessert...or should I say dessertsssss. We had the BlackFinn Hot Chocolate which was very decant, rich, chocolaty, and peanut buttery. But regardless of how good it was, I focused myself on the Season Fruit Crisp. This would have to be by far the best apple crisp I have ever had. These super HUGE crumbs were so packed with flavor. Again, another item that just melted in your mouth. I had to literately stop myself from grabbing the dish to eat the whole thing myself.  If I ever come to Charlotte again, this will be my first stop!
Talk about a great place to do a little retail therapy. Even though it is more of a high end mall, shops like Gucci, Marc Jacobs, and Tory Burch, they still carry the basics like Ann Taylor, Vicky Secrets, and Banana Republic. I could spends hours walking around, checking out everything they have to offer.   If you need a break from all the shopping, you can either sit in the comfy chairs and couches they offer and take in the architecture, or grab a quick bite at one of the many restaurants they have to offer.
I think I have gone to chocolate heaven...Seriously!   My bf and I were intrigued to see what this place was really all about when we stumbled upon it on our journey through Toronto. At first we thought it was a chocolate shop, but then we noticed the chic restaurant that was located in the back of the shop. Before we could even see a menu, we were hooked by all the delicious meals we saw others eating (especially the smores). So even though we already had breakfast (they were only serving brunch) and the price tag was a bit steep for lunch, we decided to just go for it!  We opted to share the brunch taps - egg burritos, shrimp tacos, egg and cheese spring rolls, and frittatas. One thing was more delicious than the next. Our favorites were the spring rolls and egg burritos.   We then had to have the smores. Homemade marshmallows, gramcrackers, dark chocolate squares, with caramel and chocolate dipping sauce. YUMMY!!! This is when I thought I died and went to chocolate heaven. I highly recommend getting this dessert if you ever stop by for a bite. Again it's a bit pricey for what your getting ($22 for the dish) but it's totally worth the indulgement.
Things I loved about this place....  Decor Tuna Tartare and Crispy Fried Calamari appetizers Spaghetti with Kobe Meatball dinner Banana Bread Brittle dessert Helpful/Witty Staff The flowing WINE  Things I did not love about this place...  Nothing
There is not much to say other than AWESOME tour!   The guide takes you to a couple of different stops - 1st one being the Hover Damn, 2nd one being a Chocolate Factory (an extremely small one, more like a rest stop, but still good chocolate), and then last but of course not lease the Grand Canyon.   Once you get to the Grand Canyon you get to visit the souvenir shop, the sky walk (if you are on the Grand Canyon West tour), the ranch where they can serve you lunch and then to a special section that only pink jeep tours are able to go. This is the best part, because you don't have to fight through the crowds to take pictures, since you are only with the group of nine people who are on your tour bus. The guide will bring you on a short 10/15 minute hike and is willing to take loads of pictures for you. The guide also knows a ton of information - they literally talk the whole time - telling you different things about Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon, the animals, people, and plants in the area. Anything and everything you can think about they talk to you about. It's a bit more pricey than the other tours, but it is defiantly worth the money!
Not so sure why everyone raves about this place. The chocolate croissants are average and the chai latte was cold. Sorry, but I much rather get my tea and croissant from Starbucks. For half the price I can get a nice hot drink and average croissant.
I grabbed a quick bite here before heading to the airport. Interestingly enough I did not have a burger - I had the lobster tacos and waffle bites. Both were delicious ... I couldn't get enough - especially of the lobster tacos :-)
Its difficult to review The Roasted Bean, since I only had a yogurt, fruit cup, and non-fat chai latte. I really didn't try anything they "baked", but everything did look good. So I will only base this on the chai latte and staff. Booth were good - nothing out of the ordinary :-)
After walking down the row of restaurants for literately 30 minutes, my bf and I decided to grab a quick dinner at Gabby's since it was one of the only non-Italian restaurants offered. We were in the mood for some good bar food and this was just the place. We had the cheesy garlic bread, chili thai wings, sweet potato fries, fries with cheese and gravy, and burgers. Yes, I know what you are thinking, how can two people eat soooo much food. Don't worry, we didn't disappoint you, we ate everything and everything was delicious! I especially liked the chili thai wings. But don't be fooled, we rolled out of there once we were done, but it was worth it :-)
Roaming around the Las Vegas Convention center you see a ton of different places to eat, but not one of them look appetizing (except Starbucks). So, when I noticed the slidinthru truck, I was interested to try what they had to offer. I figured, anything would be better than convention food. I was (of course) right!! These sliders were very yummy. The burgers were fresh/super moist and topped with lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pickles, bacon, cheese (optional), and their secret sauce. A little burger with a big impact! The fries are really good too - they kind of taste like Burger King with half the grease. Fresh, crispy, and delicious. Makes me wish we had one of these trucks in my neighborhood!!
Usually I do not go out to Chinese restaurants as I only order take out once in a blue moon when I am home and have nothing in the refrigerator, but Fin came highly recommended and we really didn't want to go too far (we were completely burnt out from working the AAPEX trade show all week).   Like most people we did everything family style so we can try a bunch of dishes. We had the Mongolian Beef, General Tsaos Chicken, and Seafood Lettuce Wraps. Each dish was light, fresh, and delicious. I was very happy with our choice and would defiantly come back here again.
I am so lucky we stumbled on to Rumjungle. We were not going to eat here at first, but we couldn't find the Italian restaurant we were looking for, so we figured we might as well give it a shot. Sooooooo glad that we did. First of all the place has an awesome decor. Every couple of seconds the (huge) bar that is lit up these crazy nights turns a different color. They also have huge exotic drapes and exotic couches and pillows placed throughout the restaurant.  As far as the food goes, I tried the fire pit, which is all you can eat. First they start you off with Brazilian salad, with rice and beans, corn on the cob, two different kinds of cheese (american and provolone), salami, ham, potato salad and some type of cucumber salad. They then come around with huge slabs of meat (it is not as barbaric as it sounds) for you to choose from. You can choose one or all and you just keep eating until you feel like you are about to pop! They have beef, chicken, turkey, sausage, lamb, and steak. Everything has a different type of marinade. It is all amazing. My favorite was the sausage and chicken wrapped in bacon. Oh and the beans and rice were super yummy too. I wish there was a good Brazilian restaurant in my area. Um, maybe I can find on through yelp :-)
We came here the other night to just grab a round of drinks before we headed to dinner at a different place - but after 1 hour, 1 pitcher of sangria, and 4 mojitos - we were hooked. Not sure if it was the drinks or the addicting chips and salsa they kept feeding us. Either way - we ended up spending close to another 2 hours drinking and eating. For dinner I would recommend the chicken and shrimp fajita. It's delicious and serves enough food for two!   Oh and love the atmosphere....and the music!
Other than the decor this restaurant is very average. Burgers, sandwiches, and salads. I had the Rueben with sweet potato fries. I could have gone to any other place and spent half as much and had just as good food. If you come here you many just want to opt for a drink and save your money to get food somewhere better.
My boyfriend and I decided to eat somewhere in Treasure Island since we were going to see a Cirque due Soleil show there later that night. We were not sure where exactly we should eat since we really didn't do much research before hand on the restaurants in that hotel. So after going back and forth between the couple of restaurants that we did see we decided to eat at The Steak House. What a bad decision! First of all the decor was not the typical "Las Vegas" style.   When we received our stale bread (in a paper bag), we thought about leaving, but we were afraid that we would miss the show if we switched restaurants. The French onion soup was average and my steak and lobster were both over cooked. How they could even put that type of quality food on the table is beyond me. I was outraged that they expected us to pay $48 for chewy lobster and well (I mean well done) filet mignon. I tried to make the best of it and not make a big deal (I didn't want to upset my boyfriend) but finally I couldn't take it and told him how horrible it was. I thought he was going to flip out when he tried the food. We complained to the manager about how atrocious my meal was and they said they could only take off $23 (I guess because I tried to choke down most of my lobster). So, if you see this place run as far and fast as you can. Don't waste your good money (average meal for two is over $100) on there "food". If I knew what I knew now I would have chosen McDonalds over this place.
Okay - I hate to do this - but I can only give Carnevino a three star rating. Now, maybe I just had an off day, since everyone and their mother loves this place, but I did not love my meal.   We first started off with fried calamari and potato gnocchi bolognese to share. The calamari was good (not out of this world) and the gnocchis were a bit on the hard side. Not what I expected. I am sure they were homemade, however they needed to be cooked just a tad bit more.   For my meal, I had the filet mignon and our table shared a number of different sides. As far as the filet is concerned, I asked for it to be medium rare and it was just plain old rare. So rare that I couldn't really eat it. I should have sent it back to be cooked a bit longer (my fault), however I didn't want to be "that" girl at the table.   As far as the sides are concerned, the butternut squash dish was delicious. The spinach was a bit on the salty side. The mushrooms were a bit overcooked, they were just a little bit too crispy.   The dessert however was very good. We had the lemon cheesecake, assorted cookies, butter cream crepes and something else that I can't remember. My favorite would have to be the assorted cookies.  As far as the staff is concerned, everyone was extremely friendly and attentive.
I was interested in this place - it looked like a it would be a good/fun/healthy place to grab a quick bite. I got the egg delight sandwich - egg whites, turkey bacon, cheddar cheese, tomato, guacamole all on multi-grain bread. Sounds good right....well sort of. The turkey bacon was a bit chewy (defiantly was popped in the microwave not on the grill) and the egg was pre-made and popped in the microwave as well. Other than that - it was good. I am not saying that I wouldn't come back here again - I just think I would opt for a cold sandwich instead. Maybe something like the hummus sandwich.
The food here is average for a breakfast/lunch cafe.   My only problem is that they (as in the employees at the cafe) do not give you what you exactly order. Now, I know this is not a big deal, but it irks me when I place an order and tell them what I specifically do not want, and they give it to me anyway.   For example, the first time I stopped here for breakfast, I asked for just bacon and eggs. No potato and no bread. I told them that I couldn't eat it and that I don't mind paying extra for items that I will not be receiving. Of course when my food came out, what did I have on my plate, potatoes and bread. Sadly I had to waste the food and throw it away. This could have been simply avoided if they actually listed to me.   Then the second time I came here for breakfast (I thought I would give it a second chance) I said the same thing. I even told them about my first experience and they promised me that they would not give me potatoes and bread. But of course when it came out, I got it. What is so hard to understand that someone does not want bread or potatoes, I am sure it's a common thing. Many people request this all the time. I mean come on - what if I was allegoric and this was touching all my food. I guess I would have to throw away my whole $15 breakfast???  Needless to say, I learned my lesson and when elsewhere for breakfast for the rest of the week.
Unless you have no other options, don't come here. The place looks old and dirty and the food is NOT good. I had the taco salad which was basically iceberg lettuce, canned olives, dried shredded chicken and one scoop of guacamole and sour cream. Ick! I rather go across the street to the 711 and grab a bag of chips and beef jerky.
(For me) there is not much to say about this tourist attraction, other than it is quite amazing to go up to the sky pod to see the surrounding city. The view is breathtaking and a little bit nerve racking if you don't like heights (especially if you go walk on the glass floor).
The atmosphere here at the Four Seasons is absolute paradise. As son as you walk outside to the patio area,  you are taken in by the palm trees, beautiful view of the pool, and super comfy couches you can lounge on while much on something totally amazing. The staff is more than happy to do whatever they have to make you happy - even if that means refilling your fresh squeezed lemonade glass a zillion times. Although the food is a bit pricey ($19 for a sandwich and $6 for a lemonade) it is light and refreshing. I opted for the shrimp and lobster salad on wheat bread with salad and sweet potato fries on the side. Very delicious.
Mix is actually a restaurant that turns into a lounge/ club at 10pm. It's located on the top floor of TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. Since it's basically a roof top bar/restaurant the view is amazing. You have the option to either sit in our outside on huge comfy couches while taking in the view. The drinks are strong and delicious. They start off around $16 a piece. Try the Violet. The decor is sophisticated and trendy. The music is the latest and the club is always packed. Mix is a definite must see.
Here is my quick 2 second review -  Apps are great. Defiantly get the wings (mild and Jameson honey glaze) and the baked spinach dip.  Dinner was just okay - I had the kilcooly. The turkey was a bit dry, there was not much cheddar cheese on the sandwich and the sourdough bread was not that hearty - it kind of tasted like wonder bread. I think if they fixed those couple of little things, it would be outstanding!  Waitress was great! Very friendly and helpful. Went out of her way to make sure we were happy.  Would possibly go back - but just for appetizers and drinks.
I just love small plate restaurants. It's just so much fun to go there with some friends, order a couple of different dishes and share! We went there with four people and we each picked out two dishes for dinner and one dish for dessert and it was just enough. So here is a list of what we had   Dinner  - Gentlemen's Guac - Three Stars - Drunken Dunkin Dip - Four Stars - Nuttin Honey - Five Stars - Surf & Turf - Three Stars - The Finger - Two Stars (only because I personally don't like chicken fingers). - Jack & Coke - Three Stars - Bagel Dogs - Four Stars - Slider Special - Two Stars  Dessert - Grilled PB & J - Four Stars - Cheesecake Lollipops - Three Stars - Carmel Apple Fondue - Four Stars  Other than the food, the staff was friendly, the prices were reasonable, and the decor was fun. Oh and the drinks were very yummy - I had the Spirit Fingers. It's sweet, but not too sweet, just enough to make me want another.
Jet was on of the clubs we went to this weekend. When we first got there the line was wrapped around the building. Luckily the people we went there with had VIP passages so we only had to wait about 10 minutes to get in. Once we got in I felt like we were walking into a wall of people. It was packed! The place has 3 rooms with different types of music all qually packed. We ended up sticking to the hip hop room which had probably the most people attempting to dance. I say attempting because you could barely move without hitting into the person next to you. The music was good, but way too loud. We were right by the speakers, so we thought we were going to go def half way though the night. Drinks were okay...nothing special. Overall it was okay....I could take it or leave it.
Great Hotel and Casino. The hotel has just been revamped, so all the rooms are extremely nice. Very spacious and clean. My view overlooked the strip, which was beautiful, however the sound of the volcano show was a bit loud. I also liked that my hotel room also included free internet and free access to the cardio room. Most hotels charge you extra for these "perks".   As far as the casino, the gaming area is clean and doesn't smell nearly as smokey as the other casinos. The restaurants and bars are great (they have Stack, which is one of my favorite) and the staff is friendly and very helpful.  I didn't really get to check out the shops, pool, or dolphin show. I guess that will be on my list of things to do on my visit.
Ordered food for to-go, I ordered some wings and the trio of chips with queso, salsa, and guacamole. Very pricey, the chips were "WAY" over priced for the amount that was given, barely any chips and barely any amount of sauces (the small cups were not even half full and the guacamole was like eating lemon; way too sour) the chips were $7 and for that price of chips, I was expecting better. The wings were very small and very soggy also.
Beer selection predictable. Like pilsner, so ended up drinking Stella. I had the burger, not the worst, but not the best.  Had fried cauliflower, greasy without breading or flavor. S.o.had chicken sandwich, OK, not good or bad. All in ok,wish I had made reservations elsewhere.
Did my oven get fixed? Yes, after 3 visits and 6 weeks had passed. Called a&e factory service, as I had good experience years ago. Now same company sends Sears, which was ok with me. Had bad electrical ignitor switch, told part would be ordered, sent to me, and he would return to install. Got part, but due to inadequate inspection of how it would be installed, next visit turned into ordering more parts, and another visit. Also had payment issues, with me having to wait to see if I'm being charged twice - not sure if personnel issue or billing process. Wouldn't call again or refer to friend.
Let me start with saying that the sushi here was wonderful! That's the only reason it gets four stars. You could tell the wait staff was working their butts off but there were definitely NOT enough of them. We sat at the sushi bar as there were no tables available. A waitress took our drink orders and we asked for a regular dinner menu as one of us was not eating sushi. Not once did anyone come back to take the order, refill drinks etc. Phone was ringing off the hook with no one answering. We will definitely eat here again but might just get food to go. I've worked in the F&B industry for years so I understand how crazy things can get but they definitely need a manager, hostess and maybe a busser or two to help with the dinner rush. Doesn't seem like they are handling the expansion very well.
One of favorite places to go! Ambiance is nice and the food is delicious. Try a combination platter! Best Baklava too!
I've been going here for over 9 years. Great prices for great quality. My acrylic nails used to break all the time and it RARELY ever happens now. Holly has been my tech for the last 5 years. Pedicures are great too! Definitely check them out! And if you pay with cash you get a 10% discount!
We have a house less than a year old and noticed lots a little critters running around in our community. So wanting to protect our house from any kind of infestation we looked around for an exterminator and came across this wonderful company. Once we made the appointment a very personable and thorough technician named Parker came to our aid. He took the time and care to make sure our home was covered at all angles and even took care of a few pests lurking around the house. He let us know where they were and what to do to prevent more. We signed up for quarterly treatments and haven't seen any pests since! It's great to know we're covered and have the peace of mind of having a pest free home! Thank you!
Great food, you must try the lime juice.  The customer service is pretty good.  Tandoori and Chapli kabob are really good.
Oooooooooooo the best ever. I rarely write reviews.... But this a MUST!!! Food amazing... service top notch!!! Thank you Juan!!! We will be soooo back.
Wowee. I sure love this place, but to be honest, the best part about nekter is their book "Sneaky Spinach." While it is a children's book on the surface, it touches the deepest parts of the soul when talking about the benefits of eating healthy. Definitely a 5/5 for nekter, but a strong 6/5 for the book "Sneaky Spinach." Shoutout to my home girl Alexis Schulze for the empowering read.
Jessica is awesome and always does a great job!
I've been to Bobby Q's three times since they have opened, and may I just say it is definitely  the most fantastic food I've ever had! The new smoked wings on the menu are one of THE best things I've ever tried. The smoke house burger is a definite MUST try when you go in! Make sure you order your food with a raspberry sangria, you will not be disappointed. I will definitely be going back! Thank you for the awesome service and best food!!!
after being in disgusting tequilera or taqueria pronto! mexican food definitely need a drink specially since this places are all disgusting.  i have a bitter taste in my mouth after ordering eating half my food before i throw it away. disgusting restaurant.  this bar people is very friendly drinks are very good good price good service deserves good tip always. i recommended for all of you don't have an idea what to eat or drink well this is the place something fast.
WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING  I can't do zero 0 stars I definitely would. So far this is the worst Mexican food ever, horrible taste everything frozen from a f... Can.  how dare you guys to call this Mexican food?? I travel to Mexico and other USA state's restaurants many. I have a passion for food my family owns restaurants and definitely this is the worst food preparation EVER. I Order many plates all disgusting tacos, TORTAS, STAKE, MAHI MAHI IT'S NOT EVEN MEXICAN ALL where serve cold and same meat I order mix. Beans no salt, not taste no nothing All frozen meat who knows how long this people keep their food in refrigerator.  Who ever is giving Like or positive reviews I have two questions. You haven't try Real Mexican food from scratch.?  Employees are doing their own reviews.  Please try to go to real Mexican cuisine then you will change your mind and go back to yelp after you know tequilas  and taqueria Pronto!   Not even free will recommended to go there. Sucks.
Beautiful hotel is like a resort no complaints ever , excellent service, excellent price, excellent locations  only thing you need is to have enough Energy to do everything, drink, dance, gamble, swimming, party, do it all.
I love these ladies! They make it all look good again.  They know what to do, I know Im in good hands. Highly recommend! Always happy to go back and see them for facial treatments, fillers, and what ever they want to do to keep me at my best
I think the food is OK, but overpriced. I also think Grimaldi's is over rated. When a friend wants to go I will go, but I don't say let's go...
As a local restaurant down the block form me I only wish the best for them. When I order from on line menus it shows crunchy duck.  This is something I really think I would enjoy, but the restaurant tells me they no longer have a duck supplier. Ok guys then take the item out of your menus. I have tried other items only to find the food to be ok. Nothing I have to have every night it you know what I mean. Please get duck!  Thank you
I am so glad this mall opened. It truly represents Summerlin and has all the stores you need. Don't miss Pandoras, or Sketchers or Trader Joes... I've been a regular visitor since its opening. Passing by today I noticed the ice skating ring is back up for the holidays. I can't skate, but I will take the family and watch. This is a great holiday tradition.
It good. Good quality. Tasty. They try hard, but it's still not real NY DELI, but it's the best I can find in Vegas  Pastry's are wonderful,  holiday meals are helpful, typical NY attitude from the help...
I had my wedding reception here after a few visits on my own and then a few tastings. Used the back private room, had several dishes to offer...a really wonderful experience with outstanding food and service...  It a foodies delight.
I'm only leaving one star because Yelp requires at least one to go on. Otherwise, I'd leave ZERO. We bought $4,000 worth of new appliances from Home Depot. After 1 week, we came home to a refrigerator that was not working and had to throw out $300 worth of food. When we went to the store we were told that it wasn't their problem since it was after 24 hours. Keep in mind, we had the refrigerator for ONE WEEK. They said it is a problem for the manufacturer. Then to make matters worse, they told us that we should have gotten the extended warranty because it would have paid for the loss of our food. The original warranty has not even run out. Now we are fighting with the manufacturer to get service. Meanwhile after spending $2K on a refrigerator, we are sitting with two coolers and blocks of ice to try to keep some basic supplies on hand. Home Depot does not stand behind their products. If you buy something from them and there is a problem, you are screwed. Stay away from this place!
Along with my husband and 3 other friends, we went to the Orange Sky for drinks.  I had dressed up very nicely for the occasion including my Ellen Tracy top, black pants and nice jewelry.  I also wore patent leather thong sandals.  Upon entering the ground floor by the elevators to the Orange Sky, I was told by the maitre d that I could not go up because I was wearing flip flops.  Meanwhile, others in tennis shoes and baggy jeans were allowed.  My friend said she had some old walking shoes in the car and we should get those.  So, I went out to the car and got the dirty old walking shoes and proceeded to put them on and head back.  No problem - admitted.  Now we get to the top and I see other women in silver thong sandals, beige thong sandals, etc.    We had drinks and a couple of apps (salmon cakes and the chili beef tips).  They didn't have much of a selection of apps and really no imported beer.  The apps we did get were expensive and nothing very special.  The sunset, however, was spectacular in spite of the dirty windows but to be fair, there had been a dust storm the day before.    On the way down, I stopped by the maitre d again and told him I saw other women in thong sandals and he said that was not true and that he would not let anyone in with "flip flops".  I'm not sure if this guy had something against me or what but he certainly seemed to have missed the entire concept of the purpose of a dress code.   I would not go back here in spite of the lovely sunset.
I love Triple Sports.  Everyone is always extremely helpful - going the extra mile to help me find what I need.  They are also incredibly supportive and encouraging, helping to push me to the next level of competition in the wonderful sport of triathlons.  I love the fact that Brian and Kara, the owners, have completed numerous triathlons including the Ironman.  And, the best part is that you don't have to be famous to be appreciated by these guys.  They treat all athletes equally whether you are a beginner or Pro!
Food was amazing as was our waiter Anthony. I will definitely be back. I highly recommend this restaurant. Some of the best food I have had in scottsdale!
The food is amazing! Our server, Julia, was exceptional! She took great pics of our group and was extremely personable. I love  lunch at this restaurant. It is my restaurant to take friends and family.
Wonderful experience!!! the service was fabulous, food so delicious, wine amazing!!!! Oh and the view...simply the best!!! It puts the Myrtle Beach location to shame!!!!
3.5/4 stars.   No surprises, noticed a few hairs but the room was pretty clean. Had all the utensils for the kitchenette. No lil fridge, fairly spacious, w/ a good view.  For some reason I didn't have to pay resort fees... YES! Made the cost excellent instead of just very good.   Free Valet parking - NICE! But a bit of a zoo during check out. I'll definitely stay here again.  No problems and a easy walk to MGM.
Meh!  Soft drinks cost $4.50 everywhere in the food court WTF!!!!  $10 for a Sammy... Got the Hawaiian it was ok not great.   Mediocre and overpriced. Kind of put me in a bad mood. Combo for chips and a drink is $15... Seriously. Ok charge $20 but it better be amazing... It's not!  Oh well
Keep it simple with your order and be cool to the staff lol  3.5 for the fireplace but not nearly as nice as I remembered but sold place to get your late night or pre-game grub on.  Heck I should just give them 5 stars cuz the fireplace closes the deal every time!!!! Luck be a lady tonight ;)
Bachelor Party Day 2 festivities...  Had a table at Tryst but "the group" decided to come here (I'm never electing to go with just entry to a club if we can go somewhere else and have a table, especially in Vegas, that's just me...)  As a result $80 tip for 6 to walk in and not wait in line. Then kicked in the nuts with another $40 a guy to get in OUCH....that's Vegas baby (table we had with 2 bottles of Grey goose wouldn't have been much difference and when you factor the individual drinks bought, if they thought they were saving money---nope!)  Oh well some time there's just no talking to a pack of wolves.  At any rate, they made my best man check his Tom Ford sunglasses. (Why can't he bring sunglasses, how is that bad dress code? Guess what, saw plenty of sunglasses being worn inside....) of course at the end of the night we left them...they were a gift from me to him.  We made a joke about it the rest of the weekend "it's no gold chain night, need to check your chain...oh it's not a gold chain, those are rubies, well it's no ruby night, sorry gotta check'em...oh didn't you know, it's no princess cut diamond night, sorry gotta check those too..." lol my man got, got, simple as that.  Besides all that music was good and dancing is easy. Main area and a back room, both sorta small. My team was getting to 2nd base on the dance floor and a few were trying to steal 3rd!  Ladies made it real easy for us...Appreciate the love!  Not my fav but definitely a good club for meeting the opposite sex.   Everybody was cool except for one guy...it seems we were dancing too close to him and his girl...IT'S A CLUB lol! Everybody is dancing too damn close---he wisely ran off.
3.5 stars had a blast and I got into the water lol  Locker rental for $60 give or take can't remember but worth it!  Drinks are pricey but STRONG!!  Buy tickets in advance!  No shade so get in the pool!  No free seats so get in the pool!  Great place to party not special but fun!  Had a great time! Get in the pool lol but do it!  *other reviews are accurate... TSA level security check to get in... sheesh
Y'all CRAY! This place is good. Not great but very solid - especially if it's a comped room or slashed rates.  Self check-in kiosk is simple (insert ID, remove hand, wait, flip it over, remove hand, wait, swipe credit card and enter your info).  Cell reception does suck though in and around this place.  Resort fee is $34 but don't think of it as a resort fee just add it to price of room and that's the real nightly rate.  Say the room is $25 + 34 = $59 on the strip is an amazing price.  Great location, not too smoky, decent gym, cheap eats.  The room was fine. Had a nice view of the pool, didn't hear a thing until maids starting working in the a.m.   Bed was comfortable. Pillows weren't excellent but more than did the job.  AC worked great.  Noticed some hairs here and there... Overall clean room.  I definitely like this place! Check it out!
Well I came back and have done so several times now...  The first time was years ago when I was use to over-paying to stay on the strip. I had a snobby attitude about anything less than a certainly quality... Fast-Forward to the present, married w/ kids, it's hard to beat the size, the ease of checking-in and out, the ease of parking, the proximity to the strip without being on the strip and most importantly the value.  Great value during the high-demand summer months. An absolutely deal during the winter when visiting the Vegas family.  I really like this place. It's not fancy or first class but it's generally clean with a solid gym and the onsite restaurant is tasty and inexpensive + the rooms are big!  This place deserves a lil more respect than just - it's priced right so it's cool. It's actually a quality place that beats several strip hotels (No not Bellagio or Aria obviously, but it's legit).  I have a place downtown that I like but Fremont street is just so dang noisy, Tuscany is a go to place for me now. Thanks see ya in few months!
3.5 stars!  Ok so the place is HUGE... but so many damn stairs sheesh! LOL  Got on the guest list free entry for 8 guys - that's rare so very cool! Lil Jon was the guest DJ, dude is like 5'5 maybe 5'3 that was a surprise, cool that he passed out champagne to the people on the dance floor.  Nice club, drinks are pricey - but yeah that's a given...  Dance floor is pretty big + several  areas w/ different music to match your vibe.   I don't think you really need bottle service here. I mean there really isn't any place to sit without a table but you'll do fine without a table as far as having a great time and "meeting" people ;)  So many people just spit ya game playa! Definitely one of the top 2 clubs in Vegas right now - maybe the top club?   JUST GO!
3.5 but Rounding up... Hmmm maybe it's a solid 4...  Cons: Noisy until about 3am Showers don't close thus can feel cold Rough tissues and toilet paper Toilet sometimes had to flushed twice  Thin walls Noisy pipes $20 resort fee  Small gym only weight machine is broken Pillows $15 for a fridge  $15 for a crib   Pros: Clean Remodeled Inexpensive  Free parking right next door Liked the Adler toiletries  Not too smoky  Bed was comfy S+O restaurant in lobby has good bacon and is reasonably priced  Solid spot 3 days for $80 was excellent value. Casino is small and wasn't really smoky. Fremont street is overrated... but in the summer and if you're young I'm sure it's a blast. If only we could solve the noise issue this place would be almost perfect.  Park in front on 3rd and unload
3.5 stars   Place is smallish but newish lol we came on a tuesday morning didn't have enough servers, agree service her was slow. food is good and prices are fair so not bad at all. Not out of the way but you need a car to get here from the strip. Located in a strip mall so either you're local or about to hit the road back to where ever you came  from.  Solid place no major issues!
Caveat: this trip was to see family no strip on the agenda, had this been a standard "party in Vegas" weekend probably would've never stayed here...  Solid 3 stars! Area is sh$tty but not NYC pre 1985 broadway sh$tty lol but bums and depressed people and closer to the under belly than the high roller side of Vegas...BUT  Room is clean, bathroom works fine, AC is tip-top, bed was a surprisngly comfortable king (sheet and thin blanket) TV, ipod/radio, gamblin in the lobby & a bar (eh, you get what you pay for...) the cafe has decent bacon & eggs, pancakes and french toast good too (not great mind ya but good).   Yeah for $18-$40 a night depending on the day NOT BAD AT ALL!  Not for the label whores or the thin skinned.   Real folks, real value. I've been to Vegas atleast ten times and each time I ended up spending atleast $250-$500 on my lodging, Atleast (per night ahem!) Gold Spike for less than a $100 for a weekend getaway is worth it!  *crash pad, not hangover pimp a$$ suite **Fremont St is cool and is a block away nice low key wild Vegas experience. Low Key in the sense that these clubs, bars, strip clubs etc want your business and they know they aren't on the strip and they also know that the area attracts the budget conscious and the types of people that higher end clubs make wait in line forever, sometimes never getting in...(but perhaps for good reason lol real rough looking bunch) yeah, so they keep it real and truly want you there. Clientele is less "polished" haha but certainly fun times with fun people! ***they have a cool little pool called Oasis at Gold Spike probably nice in the warm months ****not worth more than $60 a night I see higher rates I wouldn't pay $79 here
1. Remodeled rooms look great, different, loved the "eyes" staring at you lol 2. Towels in the room suck &  toilet paper is ruff!!!!!! 3. Towels in the gym smell & need more weights and/or machines 4. Not a fan of gambling here roulette is my thing and let's just say s u s p e c t  5. Food here is average at times maybe lower than that 6. Easy parking, I like that! 7. Playboy club is gone 8. Feel like a degenerate here and not special lol (well I am a degenerate so maybe I shouldn't be offended ha) but people are average here nothing special IMHO 9. Got a great internet deal so totally worth it any more than $100 I'd say add a few bucks and go elsewhere but for $40-$75 per night the new palms is worth it and is a good deal! 10. 2 for 1 drinks and free buffet included with our deal not shabby at all   Just a lil more effort and polish and this place would be a solid option to consider right now though 55% don't stay here/45% stay here or 95% stay here but only with a good deal...
1st time at MGM Grand in town for my 3 day Bachelor Party MUAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!   The rooms are clean and remodeled - could use a DVD player though. Our 2 queen suite had a sectional sitting area with flat screen. 2nd flat screen in front of beds.. About 700 sq ft pretty nice (not the ritz but not bad at all).  $56 to check out @ 6pm. Room service was reasonably priced and faster service than dining in the restaurants.  Plenty of towels (ask any housekeeping member for towels when you see them walking down the halls.)  Never had any complaints, played our beats all day and night (of course we self monitored) you best believe we got rowdy with guests in and out the room 24/7...ALL GOOD!  Went to free pool instead of Wet Republic. Plenty of folks had the same idea, everybody was having fun! Nothing but cool peeps, positive vibe, everyone flirting and kicking it just looking for a good time.  Great party hotel definitely recommend!
Bachelor party weekend 1st night kick-off dinner. Had Reservations for 5. They walked us all the way through and straight to the back. OH HELL NO!  Corrected that real quick. Seated us in the main area...ahhhh that's better, nice ambiance.  After all the partying up to that point and with a full night ahead, I didn't want to pass out late night so only ate a lil bit of food.   Ordered a Cesar salad---just ok & Sea Diver Scallops---very tasty! I opted for wine this evening (again trying to pace myself) Riesling was delicious.   Couple guys had steaks and sides. Some ordered Lobster bisque and shrimp cocktail another guy followed my lead and ordered a salad...  With tip the bill was just over $300 so very reasonable for a high end steakhouse.  Service was good but you know it wasn't special... (reminds me of a frat boy saying "yeah I $#%^@* her".   I feel the same way about Craftsteak it's just a restaurant, what you see is what you get. But we did have a good time and enjoyed our meals so recommended without reservation yelpers!
3.5 stars for the club, though as far as my experience goes I'd say 4 stars... but you know a nightclub is a nightclub...   This is a pure hip hop club - which is good if that's your vibe.  Can get ratchet in here, people really turn up, which is great but that's not for everyone - know what it is and know that you want that experience and you'll enjoy yourself. Think rap video.  Not that big of a place but it's not tiny, dance floor kind of small but nice to have pool access outside - makes it a much larger venue and adds to the vibe.  4 shots of patron $67 before tip...  They make you pay for water.  Men's room has all the popular designer colognes - nice for freshening up.  Men can skip cover w/ equal # of women w/ them so politely ask girls walking in to walk in w/ you and you all get in for free.  Cool spot!
Standard service not bad not exceptional.  She had the Zinfandel I had the Stella, mine was better but Zinfandel is tasty...  Shared a small Caesar salad just ok not really impressed and actually kind of disappointed.  Shared small 3 cheese potatoes au gratin, good.  She had the 14 oz NY strip, yum!  I had the 14 oz filet mignon, good but not wow her's was better...think I'm a NY strip man for a while.  Had my filet oscar style with crab meat, asparagus and hollandaise sauce. Sauce just ok, crab meat good not great not "fresh" asparagus was average.  All in all 3.5 but rounding up because it's Christmas lol. LA location made for better food and more memorable experience.  $187 with tip...I expected a ill bit more... Again 3.5 but rounding up and thus not posting a 3 star review...
Get a players card. Great place to gamble, think I stayed here once, solid but not fabulous. Seems to be a locals hangout. They want your money but in a good way lol
4.5/5 stars!  We came in from Wet Republic in our swim trunks & tank tops, had to sit at the bar. Absolutely delicious food. Great steaks, great drinks. Amazing apps. Tuna tartare, Crab Louis, mac n cheese - so freaking good!   Best meal in a long time...  top 3-5 all time easily.   Our bill was over $1000 for 8 guys they split the bill no problem.   Excellent dinner!!!
Eh...  This use to be the spot but times have changed.  Good pricing for cheap tables but they put you way in the back behind the pool which limits the traffic.  Nothing special here... Though, sorta a nice alternative club to come party @ not terrible by any means.  Seems to be heavily frequented by the Asian community - no prob w/ that.   *BUT* horrible entry system!  Even w/ a table we waited 45 mins, maybe an hour, to get in and it was a major hassle for us to get in - truly a major bummer to the evening.  They weren't rude but it was "cold treatment" um ok like what, come on! Immediate VIP big baller treatment and entry is the whole point of bottle service. I mean ready to spend several grand for a dang table and alcohol that really costs $100, lets be honest, and you're treated like chumps... Jeez! Yeah well, not worth it once we got in, but not bad... just regular and blah...  We did have fun here but it was the last night after raging out all weekend and XS definitely didn't send us out with a bang. Too be honest it kind of felt like staying in on a Sunday after heavy partying all weekend. Like our being there was perfunctory because it was the last night to rage so we had to go out but we weren't really feeling it (that BS trying to get in really killed the vibe). Hey but shouldn't a good club get you amped, especially if you have table service in Las Vegas of all places w/ a star DJ spinning? XS just didn't kick us back into gear to have a great time it was just meh... (yeah bar got set pretty high after our other Vegas shenanigans this trip lol) Oh well... officially been there and done that w/ this club. But y'all enjoy might be just what you're looking for.
No self park but free valet (during the day park across the street @ Macy's if you want self park).  Dining is pricey but food is good.  TV has no premium movie channels and remote is old some reception issues.  Staff is friendly, standard no problems there.  All in all a comfortable experience with great prices and no smoking. Perfect!  *think this is my 4th or 5th stay here holding up nicely...
Would have gotten 4 stars but party bus instead of limo picked us up and we didn't have our reserved tables when we got there.  When people are paying it needs to go the customers way, if its free it goes the establishments way. You said limo would get us, I sure as heck didn't want to be the douche bags hopping in a party bus with images of strippers plastered all over it---oh well.  2nd pet peeve, I hate standing around like a sucker, especially when we specifically set this evening up weeks in advance to avoid the very thing I hate---after all I'm the bachelor it's my night---alas before getting in we had to stand around like lames with our peckers in our hands, oh vey.  Once inside things went MUCH BETTER ;)  3 stories but never made it to the third floor (the roof)... 2nd level has a stage and I basically had a 1 on 1 stage show because the 2nd floor was relatively empty.  Although, the side rooms where the "hush hush" happens saw more action....  Rhymes with Tappy Pending---NO NO NO not me but  they'll give you a quote that's for sure ($125)!  I stuck with the $20 a lap dance in your seat, good enough for me.   The strippers were solid as far as looks, a couple of hottie's but mostly not stunners but all good none of them were disappointing.   Didn't see any Kardashian, Jlo booties but plenty of kate hudson, jessica alba type ones---which is A OK, no pun intended :) and yes plenty of silicone.  Several of the dancers could really work the pole...ahem...  Truly talented...there was one russian dancer with crazy tats, she must've been on the russian olympic team...guess she didn't medal...you're a keeper baby, keep doing what you're doin'!  All in all great time, girls weren't pushy and were actually friendly and chill. Not the beverly hills of strip clubs more like the van nuys or encino of strip clubs...but that's cool! I'd actually come back so that's a real good sign... (oh, a party of 8-10 young girls were partying that night competing with us for the attention of the dancers. That was fun and goes to show you ladies it's all good for y'all too!)
Solid food, comparable prices to other nearby eateries. Had the Lamb and Veal doner all dressed with fries - would definitely order again, very filling and perfectly seasoned. All the sauces were delicious. Make sure to grab extra napkins, they can be messy.  Edit: make sure to visit the washroom and press the mysterious button on the wall.
We were having a pretty decent night already, but Goods & Provisions took it to the next level.  As others have mentioned, the music and ambiance were great. Service was crazily friendly for such a cool place. Happy hour deals were a nice surprise - we opted for a half-price bottle of wine which was definitely a good look.   Someone previously mentioned that the serving size of the Bone Marrow was small, but they must've had bad luck, or the restaurant read their review and stepped up their game because ours was a hearty-sized portion, able to quell even my unrelenting thirst for the beefy goodness of internal bone matter.  Oysters were also great, fresh of the boat from P.E.I.  Overall great vibe, great food, great service and great prices. If we lived in Leslieville this would be our go-to spot. Will definitely be back in the future.
As an avid meat eater and appreciator of unique foods, I was excited to try a vegan's take on comfort food.  But, what could have been a delicious meal was marred by unimaginative food that left our whole table saying "meh."  The Unchicken and Waffles, arguably their most popular dish, was an utter disappointment. The deep fried tofu pieces, which weren't entirely terrible tasting, were clearly pre-frozen from a bag. It wasn't so much mock fried chicken as it was a mock chicken mcnugget - if a chicken mcnugget lacked flavour and a soul. Not really the big "fried chicken" piece I was expecting from my previous encounters with the much better meat version. (Can't they do something cool with Seitan and some homemade batter?).  The collard greens were way too oily, they literally coated my mouth - not the most pleasant vegetables I've ever tasted - and you'd think veggies would be their wheelhouse considering they're a VEGAN restaurant.   Lastly, the waffle was cold and the syrup had way too much cinnamon in it, overpowering all the other flavours.  All negatives aside, their Supremacy Fries (their vegan take on Taco Bell's Fries Supreme) were totally palatable... Not out of this world or spectacular by any means, but they were fine.  In conclusion, Hogtown misses the mark in multiple areas. They have an opportunity to create really delicious, interesting meat free alternatives to soul/comfort food, yet everything falls disappointingly flat.   TL;DR - It wasn't the lack of meat that ruined the meal, it was the lack of effort.
Easily the closest you can get to In-N-Out in Canada. Their "West Coast" Burger is essentially In-N-Out's "Animal Style" (i.e. fried in mustard, grilled onions, special sauce) and they also have "West Coast" Fries which are very close to the Animal Style fries you can get at In-N-Out (they're smothered in cheese, topped with onions and doused in special sauce).  Went here after a few mediocre experiences at Burger's Priest and will definitely come back. The price/value ratio is pretty awesome. Huge portions of fries, and the burgers are extremely filling and delicious. Honestly, this might be the best burger I've had since I was in California a few years ago.  The only negative here is location. In the middle of Etobicoke, it's not somewhere many people would see walking by, and downtown-dwellers wouldn't likely take the 45min public transit trip just for some fast food, no matter how good it is. THAT BEING SAID, anyone with a car considering the drive - it's definitely worth it.
Solid Fry Up and good menu at a decent/average price point. Only problem is what everyone else is mentioning: service is SLOW. I think it's just one lady serving the whole restaurant so unfortunately we waited a good 10-15 minutes before we even got menus and then an additional 30-40 minutes before we saw any food hit the table.  The black and white sausage was really good and authentic. I'd go back just based on the lack of decent breakfast/brunch alternatives in the immediate area.
Homie recommended the Doubles and he was totally on point. They were amazing! Really tasty spices and the texture was perfect. They were super hot (don't know what happened to that other reviewer - must've just been an off day).   Definitely a necessary and awesome snack food experience. Roti was also good but not the best in the city by a long shot.   Go for the doubles and you won't be disappointed.
Second lacklustre experience at this location. I won't be making the same mistake a third time. Extremely disorganized and slow service. The food is decent but nowhere near worth the price. A *filling* lunch here will average about $20.  The sandwich made me wish I was eating a better sandwich. #sad #fakelunch #increaseyourchickenportionsonthesandwich
The chicken is juicy, crispy and delicious. I got the spicy one and it was a good balance of flavour and heat without burning your tastebuds off. From a value perspective it's a little pricey but it's something different and a higher quality bird than what you'd probably get at KFC.  The fries were outstanding. I don't even really like fries, but these were intensely crispy and super flavourful.   My one major problem was the portion size of ketchup that game with the fries - I wish I took a picture, it was almost insulting. Like picture one of the little tiny packets of ketchup squeezed into a dip cup. The tiny dip cup was barely 1/4 full of ketchup. I burned through it in about 3 fries. They need to leave a bottle out on the tables for people to portion themselves.   Also, they should include a drink with the combo.  Overall, decent chicken and fries experience marred ever-so-slightly by a long wait time, lack of ketchup and higher prices than I expected.
I had a great lunch with my mom and gram. The veggie burger was wonderful! We all loved our food! Katie was a super helpful waitress, We enjoyed her!
Tiffany was our waitress. She really  does her job well! Very helpful and seemed to really enjoy what she does. So nice to see someone so happy and smiling. Great food!
Great drinks Great service Been here 2xs now and the food was cold, both times. I'm not one to focus on the negative but Im worried about getting sick from not being too hot.
Worst Allstate experience!  Melanie is NEVER available.  Her assistant is clueless and unhelpful.  After nearly 30 years of being an Allstate customer we switched to a different insurance company because of her.  After the terrible customer service we told them to not renew our policy.  Her assistant told us we will need to call back when the date gets closer because she will forget.  UNPROFESSIONAL.
We have been using Total Office Services for many years now.  Not only is everyone very helpful there but they make it a joy to go in.  My children even like to go in there.  I don't even consider going to the post office anymore.  I especially love when I'm mailing something to someone they already have in their system.  They do all the work!  Love it!
I've never reviewed anything on Yelp but I had such a great time at this restaurant that I felt compelled to write.    VIbe:  I loved the vibe!  Classy, sexy friendly and professional.  As a new joint, this group is working hard to carve out a top-notch reputation.  Food:  Very well executed with flavour profiles that should please a broad audience.  Here's what the four in our party ordered: Halibut Taco - must try Beef Short Ribs - must try Ebi Mayo - if the batter can be a bit crisper it would be a must try Pork Belly Lettuce Wraps - must try Spicy Pork Ishi-yaki - must try Sockeye Salmon Sashimi - must try Chicken Karaage - again, needs to be crisper  Drinks:  You must order the Red Dragon shots!  The sake in the bamboo flasks is a cool presentation.  I just love the energy of Hapa...this place is my new favourite chillax-with-friends spot!
Dined here last night for the first time. Was absolutely delicious. Husband had a bone in rib-eye cooked to perfection (Med Rare)  Pasta in the cheese wheel looked amazing. The only issue I had was the price of the water. $6.00 per bottle. Had I known the water coming to the table was going to cost, I would have opted for tap.  other than that, fantastic!
I had an amazing experience at Fino, the vibe is just amazing and every one is so friendly. My barber Antonio Vaz did an amazing job. He gave me the best hair cut I've ever received. I would highly recommend going to this shop.
Love this place. Food is special. Concept is unique and service is solid. Go there, eat that and drink that.
Great location for pre show. Nice vibe. Fine drink menu. Maybe the worst hamburger I have ever had in my life. Barely ate half.
We were early so normal atmosphere was average.   Service was great. Knowledge. Personable. Conversational rather than scripted.   Food was unique and excellent.
Charla is fabulous!! I was sooo nervous to do anything when I went in. She was very patient with me. She explained my options and made suggestions. She took the time to show me what was happening during the procedure and make sure I was comfortable with it. She did exactly what I was hoping for. Not an easy task since I was unsure myselfShe was knowledgeable and her place is clean. I definitely would, and have, recommend her!
Unique and enjoyable walking tour.  As other reviewers have mentioned, Val the tour guide is armed with a wealth of fascinating information and her infectious enthusiasm will make you start exploring Pittsburgh on your own with a spring in your step--long after the tour is finished.  Great value.  Highly recommended.
Love this chicken!! It's really hard to find good food in aurora but this place is worth the trip! The chicken is always fried fresh to order so it's hot and juicy...not just sitting under a heat lamp all day. It's flavorful and super crunchy. The place is clean and the staff are friendly and happy to cater to your chicken needs. If you're tired of the same old dry lukewarm chicken, you gotta try this place out...you won't be disappointed!
Love this place! We go at least once a week, whether it's for their all day breakfast or even a quick after work bite! Servers are super friendly and food comes out fast. Great little diner with the classic "back-in-the-day" decor. I send everyone here when they suggest Coras or some other sub-par chain!
This is one of my favorite restaurants because I like southern style food and this is close.  Myself and my coworkers have visited this place a few times and the food is always right and the service is good. I really like the fried shrimp and chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and green beans. Although the chicken is a little bland but I still like it... weird... Their side salads are good too, homemade ranch.  The prices for the amount of food is great.  I have tried their lighter side menu as well.  I like the Sweet heat Chicken and shrimp too.
I have eaten here before with no problems.  I went in just to get a side salad and the coconut drink from the bar.  I went to the bar the bartender said nothing... finally I was like I'm ready to order.  I was telling her my simple order but some other customer who she must have been waiting on before I arrived kept interrupting asking questions and she would just leave me and attend to him... and he was looking at me as if to be doing this out of spite.  I just got up and left.  She should have said one moment sir I will be right with you.  My order was simple and quick.
One of my good friends told me about this place and I have been going there ever since.  Their Mojitos are delicious and not stingy with alcohol.  I love the Spanish Corn Elote Loco.  I always get their Shrimp locos taco and corn or chicken empanadas with corn.  My fiance doesn't care for the tight atmosphere and it is normally crowded when I go.
Love this place.  The drinks are awesome.  We are always treated nice by the staff when we go here, my fiance and I.  I love the New Orleans feel of the place.  The gator tails which are not on the menu... you have to request them, are delicious.  I enjoy the crawfish and shrimp fondue.
I like this place.   I have eaten here a few times for lunch.  Service was good and fast. Free pie Wednesday's is great... I always get the Apple pie. The fried chicken is very flavorful and the rolls are a crime they are so good.  The side salads are good as well.  I like the combination of the chicken with the mashed sweet potatoes.
This is more of a warning than a review.  The place is great, get a sunset reservation, enjoy the bar, food is good to excellent, and bring your wallet.  Others have said it all here.  My warning is DO NOT SPEED ON E. MCDONALD!!!  It is a complete Paradise Valley "speed trap" in the truest sense of the word!  I was tagged with a mobile photo ticket  van parked just down hill from the entrance to the restaurant.  They basically set it up to catch unsuspecting tourist going to the Sanctuary.  The valet guys were aware of it and said they do it all the time.  Despite the bummer of the start to my evening and the additional expense it added (Probably a $600 night with ticket) I still enjoyed dinner there and would recommend it.  I think my date wasn't too happy with me as I wasn't exactly in a great mood, this was my third AZ (read points on license) photo ticket in 6 months (all less than 15 over).... total money grab rip off!
Recently spent 2 nights there on my usual business trips to Phoenix. Usually I stay in Scottsdale but since I was working in eastern Mesa I decided to try out the Marriott here in Mesa.  On the positive side the rooms and the hotel and very clean. The beds are comfortable. The staff seems very friendly and accommodating. Ordered breakfast and special ordered my omelet the way I like them and without a problem it was done and served in a timely manner. No noise issues. Modern flat screen TV's.  On the negative side the place is in kind of a bad area. Not a lot of good local dinning options although I did find the De la Cruz Bistro to be very good. Sport bar across the street is what it is. Also, I found the place to be on the pricey side (at least my rate was). As other people have noted this is an older property and some of the common areas need updating.   Bottom line is I would probably stay here again if I have business in Mesa.
The decor is not for everybody, I call it Jetson's meet Ian Schrager. Very convenient location for access to Scottsdale or Phoenix. I often walk to the local restaurants that I like (no DUI or photo ticket issues), Trader Vics is just next door if you are into that. Rooms are very roomy and clean. Spa and work out area are great. Very airy with adequate equipment. They run occasional specials for Spa treatments which I have taken advantage of making it very reasonable. Not crazy about the pool area but it is OK and haven't eaten at the hotel restaurant despite staying here several times. FWIW, I prefer the Valley Ho to the near by Kimpton which Yelpers seem to love (The Fire Sky).
Stayed here in the summer for next to nothing.  Other reviews say it all, large room, fireplace, large private decks.  The Golden Door Spa is excellent (5 star), get room near spa is my recommendation as you will end up heading there most of the time and not to the main pool (with kids) at the main lobby area.  Saw a freaking herd of those Javalina Hogs when I was there, kind of freaked me out but they seemed peaceful enough if you didn't bother them.   Now some of the things to watch for.  The rooms could use updating and also not all rooms are alike so check with people who have been there as to where they were and what they liked about the room that they were in.  I will post my favorites later.  Also know that it is quite away out of town so that if you are doing business in Phoenix you will be communiting quite a distance. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Suggested rooms: 277, 275-near spa 2nd floor. 365-far from spa but nice view. 201-central location and nice view of Golf course.  Saw the Javalina's near here.
While I feel Yelpers have overrated the Princess let me preface my review by saying that I stayed here last November for a week when they were under renovation.  While I didn't ask if they were under construction when I made the reservation no one offered me that information.   Despite being in relatively high season the place was essentially empty.  My room was large and comfortable but needed updating and faced the parking lot.  Often noisy in the AM with employees arriving and construction people.  Room was quite far to central part of hotel with long walk to central pool and restaurants.  Normally I wouldn't mind but with the construction the place was like a maze with unmarked dead end corridors and paths.  A good portion of the property was fenced off.   I felt like a rat in a maze at times.    I ate at the the high end Mex restaurant on property which was good, not great, and had good to excellent service.  Being by the parking lot I self parked which was convenient.  May return to give it another chance as I suspect the construction is now done.  If so I will update my review but for now I would say try some place else, many choices in Scottsdale.
Probably would give it 3.5 stars but no half stars available. Others have pointed out the multiple positive findings at the RP: excellent staff, romantic setting, very good restaurant. Here are the negatives:  It can be spendy (very) although recently they have been getting more price aggressive here.  Rooms can be small and dark. I stayed in one of the newly remodeled "Spa suites" and would NOT recommend for the money. We never even used the living room area because of its unusual lay out. The balcony was very small as well, most appeared to be that way.  The pool area is very small so if they are busy the place will get crowded and can be loud. I rented a cabana on a busy Saturday and it was worth the expense given the crowd.  The spa is small but very very nice, 4-5 star.
Greeted in the parking lot by Gianfranco! I kid you not. Never been to the place before but made to feel as if I was family. Ordered the Branzino (one of several unreal daily specials) and it was probably the best Branzino I have had off the Adriatic. Tried several of the other dishes that were just as good. Service is some of the best I have experienced. Very knowledgeable and not pushy. Waiter suggested excellent Italian wine from Montepulciano that was actually very reasonably priced. Will return and definitely recommend.
Generally I feel this place is over rated.  Service is very lacking.  (I actually unloaded my car myself while 4 bellmen stood in shade 10 feet from me at the main entrance at check in).  Some area of the property need updating.  My room was "OK" but would like to see others.  Seemed over priced even during the off season.  The deck off my room was filthy with bird droppings, basically unusable.  Pools were nice but not clean. Rarely saw pool attendants. Pool towels available only at the main pool, with eight pools on property this seemed weird. Last day there I was asked to switch rooms as they had reserved my room for another quest.  Sorry not my problem, I had been there for a week!  Interestingly some people seemed to have bashed the spa here, I didn't think it was that bad., I would give it 4 stars.    The high end restaurant in the place (can't remember name) is good but VERY pricey and with strange decor (I understand that is subjective, some people are really into the Frank Loyd look).  Anyhow, stayed a week and wouldn't return, too many option in this area at these prices.
Usually Yelp reviews are overly generous with there stars but in this case they are well deserved.  I don't come to Cleveland without eating here at least once!  I only wish it was in San Francisco.  Great hummus, Greek salad,  and tabbouleh.   Great lamb, nice deli atmosphere with wonderful long time employees and wait staff (I've been coming here for years).   I use them to cater parties and business meetings occasionally so check this out if you are interested, it is always a hit.
First off I have to admit my buddies Dad used to own this place in the 60's so I am partial to it.  Use to hang out here when the Roxy Burlesque was still in business down the street.  Great bar food and burgers.  Always friendly staff.  Usually can get something to eat until at least 1am (not many places in Cleveland serve late).  If they still have perch on the menu buy it.  For me it is more of the Cleve vibe here that attracks me.
Have been going here for years and often stop back in when I am in Cleveland. As the other reviewers have stated the lounge is very nice, I prefer to actually eat in lounge. Fireplace and excellent view of the creek in the back can be had in the lounge. More recently, as the other reviewers stated the place has been surprisingly busy. Hence the staff seemed a bit over loaded to say the least. The lounge was packed and only one bar tender! However, she was very nice given the tough situation.  I have had the salmon and the walleye recently and both were good to excellent so I can't really complain about the food. My friend ordered the duck and it was excellent with a massive portion size. Valet parking available.  I may have rated it a bit high for sentimental reasons and the atmosphere here is great.  So I guess Yeah, I am a fan and will undoubtably return.
Since last review have been back many times and still love the place.  As I stated on prior review, I don't come to Phoenix without stopping here at least once. I would love to see one in San Francisco. The food is very unique and creative.  Fish dishes are excellent.  As others have mentioned it can get crowded and service at times is off (hence the 4 stars).  I typically go at off hours (late) and have had no problems.
Can't believe there are not more reviews.  As others have said this is a Cleveland institution.  Excellent and abundant dishes that you don't find everywhere, certainly not in SF.
I'll add to the numerous 5 star ratings here. I was at first skeptical going to this place as its location is in a larger shopping center (pretty typical for Phoenix/Scottsdale). I had been to the Mastro's in New Port Beach, CA and didn't think this one would hold up but I was wrong. This place has it together from the time I called in my reservations to when I walked out the door after dining. Yes it is expensive but at least you feel like you get what you are paying for here. Portion are huge so I suggest sharing and the service staff is happy assist. Thomas our waiter was super professional and friendly. Not a hiccup all night. They have two wine lists, expensive and very expensive. However pricing was not too far out of line from what you would see elsewhere for the same wine. I have had fish literally all over the world and there fish was some of the best I have had any where. I had the wild, line caught, white salmon, delicious!  To Mastro's owners, please put a Mastro's Ocean Club in San Francisco, I think it would do well there.  If you have a special occasion or date I highly recommend Mastro's Would/will return when in the Scottsdale area again.  Only negative I saw was paid valet, at this high end establishment and with tons of available parking it seemed almost silly.  Tip: Portions are large so share.
Wow,  probably the largest collection of paintings with cowboys riding horses into a setting desert sun I have ever seen!!! You will never see more paintings of cacti in your life! Numerous painting and carvings of various Native American Indians....  If this is your thing, this IS the place.  Actually to be fair there is much more to be seen you just have to wonder a bit. I actually do recommend this if you are in the area on a Thursday evening.
Recently stayed here again. As I have stayed here now multiple times over the last several years and have seen the multiple name changes and face lifts of this hotel I feel obligated to update my prior review.   I must still state that most of the yelp reviews here are way over rated. Look this isn't a horrible place but certainly not 5 star as multiple previous reviewers have posted (IMHO).   Positive: Pools and grounds are beautiful. Yelp photos don't do it justice. Restaurant was way better on recent stay. Food was excellent. Room service was prompt. Staff is friendly.   Negatives: I still contend it is pricey especially off season. Again, the Four Season's in North Scottsdale was actually cheaper but less convenient for me so I stayed at the FS. There is no comparing the two hotels (see my review of 4 Season). I don't care for newly decorated rooms. To be honest I preferred the old look. The exercise room is a joke. No locker room, sauna, or steam.  Half the rooms face a parking lot which can get noisy. Denied me a late check out after staying there 5 days.   Anyhow, check it out if you must. Let me know what you think.
So So Mex food if not poor.  Expensive for what you get.  2 stars for fair to good cocktails.   Somewhat pretentious staff.  Been there twice, dead both nights.  Wouldn't serve me dinner one night when I stopped in at about 9:30 so I left (they were admittedly dead that night as well).
Didn't expect much here upon arrival to the strip mall it is located in but was pleasantly surprised.   Decided to go for Italian food rather than go to the trendy Tarbell's  located in the same strip mall. As opposed to other reviewers,  I simple just parked in the half empty lot in front of the place, no problems.  Valet was available but not required.  The place was empty but the reception was friendly and the service was good to excellent.  Friendly Italian waiter told me it was the slowest week of the year traditionally here.   The wine list was more than adequate but the Italian selections were pricey, I found some better deals on the US selections.   The food was also good to excellent with excellent pastas and fish available, I had the cioppino (I know cioppino and this was 4 star). Salad and vegetable sides were done very well. It is a little old school, kind of reminded me of a suburban Italian Durant's.
Here on biz trip, didn't expect to find this kind of place in Phoenix, maybe Chicago or Cleveland but not here.  Had dinner with friend in bar area and had a great time.  Service was good to excellent, nice wine selection, steaks were also good to excellent.  As far as others comparing it to Ruth Chris (and other chain steak houses), well it ain't Ruth's... thank God!  No R. C. has this atmosphere and look, really old school but still real.  Parking in rear was easy and free.  Construction was going on in the street making finding the place and access a little tough but that may be over by now.  I grant you the place is not for everyone one but I definitely do recommend and will return.
Great place, always stop in when I am in town.  They have a wood oven and cook most everything in it.   I love the Italian beef on skewers with vegetables that they do in the oven.  Pizza,  and deserts are great.  Salads are very good and a meal in themselves.  One desert, and I have never had it, is huge and obscene, but looks great (it is also done in the wood oven).  Excellent Italian wine list.  I don't know the deal with the prior owners but the Italian guy I meet who I believe owns the place now is very nice.  Big soccer fan.  Waite staff is very friendly.
I have stayed here extensively on business so I know this place very well.  Typical excellent 4 seasons service, very beautiful grounds, nice spa and pool area.   He are the negatives to consider...  Can be very spendy in season.  The basic rooms don't have much of a view and some are dark with small decks (you may want this in the summer).  Place seems to always be changing or under going construction.  Large adult pool area was "closed for maintenance" for example on my last stay.  New restaurant, Tallavera (?sp), is better than the Acacia but is expensive (very).  Rooms have been redone recently and are now less "Santa Fe  like" as others have complained about.  However, I am not sure I am crazy about the "new look" but that is a taste issue.  Also it is a little remote, not as far out as the Boulders but still a drive into Phoenix.  Probably 50 minutes to airport in light traffic.
OK, yes  the steaks are over the top great here.  However I find the Japanese wagyu to be far too fatty for my taste.  The American Wagyu is just fine for me but again that is a taste issue.  Their Nebraska corn feed steak is no better than any steak you could buy at any steak house but will still probably cost you twice the price at Cut. Salads, appetizers, and deserts were all good to excellent as Wolfgang usually does. Waite staff was very attentive, knowledgeable about the steaks, and friendly.   So why 3 stars you ask?    CONS:  The dining room is getting a little dated over the years.  I found the seating and table to be uncomfortable.  The pricing is obscenely high even for Vegas.  Extensive but extremely expensive wine list for the majority of selections.  Noise level the night I was there was very loud as there was a large business meeting / group eating there that evening (often there is).  When  you spend this type of money on a meal  everything should be spot on!     PROS:  Overall excellent food and good service.   Yes I still recommend and would return.
I probably would have given it a 3 star rating (very trendy and spendy not a "bistro" see review by TT) but my date loved it so I had better give it 4 stars. I had the lamb shank which was more than slightly over done. The scallops were however excellent. The mussel appetizers were good but pretty hard to blow that. Service was solid but a little slow. I had the house french bordeaux wine which was also good. They also have a nice Sancerre by the glass. The bar area looked "interesting" and was moderately crowded with elderly Manthers all hooked up with women half there age. Oh that famous Scottsdale bar scene!  I may return for a cocktail or three :-)......
This is a must when "touring" Cleveberg, a total landmark restaurant! The place has been putting out obscenely large pastrami (and corned beef) sandwich's for years. Go if you dare but go hungry. Puts many NYC joints to shame. Ask for extra pickles you will need them.
This place is the best, feels like home. Went in to get a new console and jake helped me to infinoty and beyond with the best customer setvice and game knowledge ill be back soon thank you jake
came in to get a cell phone case for my new galaxy s7 and got way more than that. This place had great prices and amazing customer service, anyone that needs cases or repairs for a MORE than reasonable price should definetly make there way over here
Went in to try and make ends meet for bills, Christian went out of his way to make sure that i was satisfied with my visit
This place is AWESOME I love the enviroment the great customer service and these bad ass innovative ideas for tasty healthy grubbin, this place is indeed GREAT GRUBBING
Went in to just get a drink and the customer service was so amazing from karina that i just had to stay and eat, thatnk you karina for being the shining example of stunning customer service
Shitty guitar techs, bought a guitar and the dude fucked up the truss rod before i left didnt even get to play the new guitar, by the time i got home there was buzzing on the high e string and b string on 5th fret. Seems like he fucked it up just so i can bring it back n have it worked on
Worst mcdonalds ever headed by the rudest manager joann and the laziest slowest and most incompetent staff to follow her example nothing here ever gets done right let alone do they show any customers a smidge of respect, honestly i enjoy mcdonalds but this location disgusts me with its lack of efforts in every category possible
I celebrated my birthday at this Oreganos last night and the service was Amazing. My party of 13 turned into 30 due to some last minute out of town guests. The manager Jordan took immediate action to find us a section so we didn't have a two hour wait. He came back to check on us serval times to make sure we were okay. Our server Valerie then came outside to introduce herself while we waited, ensuring us with enthusiasm she could handle such a large party with ease...and she did! The entire wait was less than an hour we got our food and drinks promptly with no mistakes. My usual Oreganos is the Gilbert location but I'll now be switching to the Power location.... but not with 30 guest .  Thanks again guys!
Update your darn hours. They close at 2pm, not 9. Was really looking forward to trying this place out.
First time trying this place out and Mimi worked on my nails and did a fabulous job. She was very thorough with her work and precise. Took her time and I didn't feel like I was being rushed. She made me feel very comfortable the entire time. I'll definitely be coming back.
What a great place to get all your Asian cravings. They offer great tasting Taiwanese, to Japanese, to Hong Kong cuisine at a great price. Some of the highlights include popcorn chicken, rice rolls, omurice, teppan rice/pasta, soup noodles, drinks, and of course their golden toast desserts and many other desserts.
Go to place for Chinese BBQ meat! Our fave is the BBQ pork aka char siu. Also they have great rice combinations. There is some seating but mainly a take out place. Be prepared for a wait. Even when there's no long line up, it takes a bit to get your order because the lady who cuts your meat is very precise and takes some time. Worth the wait!
Love everything about this place.  They have some of the tasty and most unique flavoured gelato but they also offer a great and affordable brunch menu. Everything I had was delicious but definitely 2 stand out options are the Mushroom Omelette and the East Meats West with braised lamb. The chef has a Turkish background so a lot of the flavours are influenced from there. They also work with a lot of locals, so there are lots to try.
Recently discovered this nice little bakery on Gerrard. Their classic butter tart is crazy good. I don't have a sweet tooth, but this has converted. The warm sweet filling is perfectly complimented with the delicious and crispy crust. While you are there, I would also highly recommend the empanadas! So good!
I have had this on my list for some time, so glad to finally try it. It was really good and you definitely get a great deal here. We ordered a couple of platters including the 100 pieces of sushi, sashimi, and rolls (which was only $58) along with the 80 pieces of assorted rolls (which was only $42). They are always busy and it took about 1.5 hours for our large order. It is more of a take out restaurant than a sit down place. We found the sashimi fresh and it was a nice variety from the usuals like salmon, tuna, octopus along with scallop, squid, and few other fish. The rolls were good, the rice was seasoned nicely and there was not too much rice on the rolls.
This was our first time here. We ordered our usual Northern Chinese dishes to see how they rank. Everything was good but nothing spectacular.  We were not a big fan of the Golden Harvest Dumplings where it was mostly vegetarian fillings and not much filling.
This is the place to go for quick, delicious, and cheap eats! One of our favourite shrimp wonton restaurants! They also have soup noodles, lo mein, beef brisket, fishballs, and hot and sour pork. You can't go wrong with anything you order.
I have been to Hub Sushi on a few occasions. What keeps me coming back is their yummy pressed sushis and tasty rolls. However, service has not been consistent. On our most recent visit the service was the most disappointing. We had to ask for menus and generally the servers were not friendly. We were there on a Friday night and restaurant was packed.  Also heard a few patrons say that they had reservations but still waited for 30 minutes. When we brought up the issues we had with service to the owner, they mentioned that there is some new staff and still under training. We will see how things go on our next visit.
So glad my friend suggested this restaurant for dinner! The food was so good and so was the service! We ordered the jerk chicken poutine, salted fish and ackee, and oxtail dinner. All were delicious! The jerk chicken was flavourful and juicy. My favourite was the oxtail, perfectly cooked. I have my eye on the mussels in curry for my next visit. It was constantly busy while we were there for an early dinner on a Saturday night. It is a small restaurant, so I suggest making reservations.
Great place for Chinese food! It's a big restaurant and they are always busy. So I highly recommend making reservations. Also a great place for take out. We usually order fried rice, a noodle dish, one of their congees, a veggie dish along with a meat dish. They have a lot of offerings and everything I've had is delicious. Great portions and dishes are not too oily. Their chili oil is not spicy but very tasty.
After seeing reviews, I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. The food was really good. The complimentary bread was the bomb, would paid for another order of it. We had the tuna tartare and it was super tasty and tuna was very fresh. We also had the skirt steak and sirloin for our mains and they were both cooked perfectly. We shared the crispy cauliflower and truffle fries, both were good but a bit small at the price point. Overall, great food and service in a modern atomosphere. Not our new favourite steakhouse (we still prefer Jacob's at the higher price point) but enjoyed our experience!
I have not been here in a long time. The last time I went it was still called Gonoe. Have not been back often because the service was not the best. We use to come here for the unique dishes like live octopus and flounder sashimi, which were both very fresh and good. I recently went because I needed a quick lunch. Lunch on a weekday was pretty packed. I decided to order take out and it was prepared pretty quickly. Also, the lunch specials were a great deal with a lot of variety. I got the roll bento box and it was $10.95 with 6 pc of california roll, 6 pc of crab roll, 3 pc of spicy salmon roll, two pc of tofu, and small serving of japchae. I have ordered something similar at the Markham location, but the quality here is so much better. In addition, I ordered a spicy salmon handroll and it was nicely packed with salmon and not too much rice. Lastly, if you pay cash you get a 10% discount. Will definitely be coming back!
This Japanese restaurant had been around for a few years. The food is good and always great service. The rolls, sushi, and sashimi are pretty good for their price point. They also have a good selection of Korean dishes since they seem to be Korean owned. Definitely their must orders are their rolls! Lots to choose from!
We have been going here for over 5 years and have had only great experiences with their RMT services. Their staff are professional, experienced, and very friendly. Highly recommend!
We use to love coming here for lunch and bbt. Unfortunately our recent visit was terrible and mainly due to the food. We have ordered the popcorn chicken with rice on several occassions. However, they have reduced the meat portion by half which is less than the snack size. For the meal it is $12 and snack is $7, so we asked the server if there was an error or if we should have ordered the chicken and rice separately because it would be cheaper and larger. She had no comment. I ordered the chicken cutlet curry rice which looked better but it came out cold. The drinks were good, we ordered the white peach oolong and strawberry twist yogurt. We asked to speak to a manager, they asked us to call the head office. The kitchen manager eventually came out and tried to make the situation better but we ended up finding another place for lunch. We were quite disappointed and will not be coming back.
My family and I have been coming here for years. They are consistently good. Love that they still have pushy carts during dimsum. Atmosphere is pretty outdated and service is mediocre but food is pretty good. The noodle and rice dishes during lunch are also a great deal.
This is one of my top 3 places to get BBQ pork (char siu). It is not the cheapest option, but you get what you pay for. My other go tos include Kum Hong BBQ and Skyview Fusion restaurant.
Recently I visited this newly opened restaurant. I went under the impression that it was same restaurant as Myungdong Kalkuksu Noodle and Shabu Shabu at Bayview and 407, however, they are not related. Very similar offerings with the giant dumplings, shabu shabu, and  kalguksu noodles. But their menu is bigger, including bimbimbap, pancakes, and bossam. The restautant is spacious and clean and the service was very friendly. I prefer the dumplings and kimchi at the other Myundong but overall this place was good and we would return.
We had tickets for the Cirque Du Soleil show "O" which is at Bellagio Hotel so we decided to have their buffet for dinner. It was already holiday pricing, so dinner was $44.95 (regularly $36.99 USD) on a weeknight. We are not buffet people since we prefer quality over quantity. Luckily there was not much of a wait at 6:30pm and we were able to justify the price since they served king crab legs. It is served cold but you can ask them to heat it up. Also, when there is no line up, you can ask the servers to give you a plate full instead of grabbing it at the counter. They also served snow crab legs, mussels, and shrimps as other seafood choices. They had a good variety of food from a large dessert table, to a sushi bar which served handrolls and decent poke, a few meat carving stations including prime rib and rack of lamb, a salad bar, a pasta and pizza station, Chinese food, and a taco bar.
We have been here a couple of times. The first time we went was during their soft opening and the service was not great along with serving us bowls of ramen that have been clearly sitting in the kitchen for some time. We decided to give it another try. The food was very good, however, it took over 20 minutes for the food to arrive. We did appreciate that the server told us this when we ordered. Overall, the service was still not great. We ordered the miso pork with thin noodles and added extra chicken (pork is much tastier than the chicken). I highly recommend the Gyukai Tonkotsu Tsukemen! The fish and pork broth was so rich and paired perfect with their thick noodles. Also, they only serve a limited number of these each day. I also like the pork spicy garlic, broth is very flavourful and not too spicy.
I have been here on several occassions. Great casual place for brunch, big group (they have private dining), or a small gathering. They have great specials like $1 corkage fee and $10 pizzas on Mondays. Friendly staff and food usually comes out pretty quickly. My recommendations are tacos and beef cheek poutine for appetizers. For mains, there are a lot of good choices like salad, burgers, pizza, mac and cheese, and ribs. Also, they have a great brunch menu. I suggest making reservations as they can get quite busy on some nights.
This is definitely my go to when I have a craving for sushi rolls. They have a great selection and they are so good. Also, be warned that most of their rolls are really big. Usually get quick and friendly service.
First time here for dimsum and I liked it. Good variety to choose from, and food and service was good. Especially good if you come before 11am for their early bird special. Looking forward to going to back!
We came here on the weekend with a large group for brunch. Very friendly service and very accomodating to our group. Food was great but it took awhile for the food to come out.  I had the prosciutto eggs benny and my eggs were cooked perfectly. Also tried the breakfast pizza (comes with spicy sausage, sunny side eggs, and arugula) and it was really good. Their woodoven pizzas have always been my go to, love the thin crust and all the different toppings.
This place makes their own udon and has a great variety of traditional and fusion dishes. Also a great place to catch a few drinks with friends.
It has been awhile since we have been here. The food was still good and same with the service. We both got baked rice dishes from their lunch menu. It is great, lunches ranged from $10- $13 and comes with a soup and hot beverages. Portions were big and we both had leftovers.
It has been a long time since we have hotpot at a restaurant. A good variety for their selection of meats, vegetables, and sauces. The decor of the restaurant was nice. The restaurant is big and has some private rooms for large groups. Found the soups a bit expensive at $4 and the service was a bit of a hit and miss.
Recently tried out their lunch menu and everything was so good! We had the salmon carpaccio, ebi mayo, chicken karaage, ramen and chirashi don. You pay a bit of a premium but worth it.
I have never been a big fan of AYCE or buffets since I prefer better quality food over a large quantity. Recently our family suggested that we check out Kaka. Everything tasted good and it was very easy to order the food through their tablet. Food came out quickly and we got everything we ordered. There is a 2 hours seating limit. Even if there is nobody waiting for your table or you come late, the 2 hours limit starts from your reservation time. I find it a bit pricey at $29.99 on a weeknight but they are one of the better AYCE Japanese restaurants.
I have not been here for years and so glad I re-discovered them. I would says it is probably the best uptown izakaya. Enjoyed everything we had and found the prices to be very reasonable. Also they had a great selection to choose from. We will be back soon!
One of many custom soup noodle restaurant in the area! We like it here because most of the broths are tasty, the milk tea is very good, and always great service. You will also be wowed with their baked bread dishes. You will definitely leave filling full!
We have been coming here for years. Usually not disappointed with the quality of food or portion sizes. Conveniently located and usually there is no wait. Service is mediocre, but we keep coming back because the food is good.
First time having dimsum in Chinatown in a long time since there are a lot of great options uptown. Worth going downtown for this place. All the dishes were delicious and they have a great variety of options. Also love that they still serve it in the pushy carts. The only negative comment I have is service is lacking.
Agreed with other Yelpers, good restaurant and very similar to Mine. Everything was fresh and tasted great! And YES the rolls are huge!
Really like their gelato! And only had the best service here. My fave is still the pistachio gelato but everything is delicious.
Recently we did a large delivery order through Uber Eat and everything was pretty good. We were happy with the portions and everything tasted good. Dishes were not too oily and food came hot and within the expected time.
It's been a long time since we have been here and totally forgot how good the food is. We ordered take out and the food was on time for our pick up at 6:30pm. I used their website and all the prices were correct and they didn't miss any of our big order. When we went to pick up the food, the restaurant was already busy. We ordered the XLB, pan fried dumpling, sticky rice roll,  Shanghai fried noodles, fried rice with preserved meat and vegetables, green beans, stir fried tofu and pork, and boiled chicken in chili sauce. Everything was cooked well, tasty, and full of flavours. We are definitely going back!
Love their Japanese cheesecakes. I have had their original, Angel Hat, and no bake cheese in all flavours (Sakura, Yuzu, and Matcha). We love all of them. Not too sweet and reasonably priced. Our favourites are the Angel Hat which is 4 inch cake at $10 which is nice and fluffy along with the Sakura no bake cheesebake which is $28. It is so pretty and very delicious.
I've gone here a few times and I always leave satisfied. I've always enjoyed savoury dishes over sweet, so it's great that I get to enjoy savory crepes here. A couple of my go to are Philly Cheesesteak and Little Bird. All the crepes are stuffed with toppings and you can even build your own. I also suggest getting the sugar cane juice.
We could not go to the West Coast without trying In-N-Out Burger. We got the Double Double, Fries (Animal Style), and not featured the Cheeseburger Protein Style (which replaced the buns with lettuce). Overall the burgers were typical American style and we were underwhelmed by the fries. Our friend advised us to ask for it to be overcooked for it to be crispy. The Animal Style was tasty with melted cheddar, grilled onions, and their special sauce with pickles. Worth a visit since a Double Double Combo is $6.85 USD and a Cheeseburger $2.50 USD.
First time trying the new location. Everything was good but nothing was spectacular. Our favourite was the Eggplant Parmigiano, we also tried the garlic bread, clam chowder, pesto chicken pasta, and a pizza.
We love our fish and chip, so we were excited to try this restaurant! The food was great, but a bit pricey for the portion sizes. Service was great and we will probably be back if we are in the area!
Great place for reasonably priced sushi! Fresh and good quality sushi, sashimi and maki. Big menu with lots of options including Korean dishes. They have lunch and all day bentos which is a great deal. Also great party trays and our go to is the love boats because they come with premium fish like uni, ika, scallops, and sweet shrimps.
This is a definitely our go to place for our shrimp wonton fix or a quick meal. Simple menu with shrimp wonton, beef, or fishball soup noodle or lo mein. I usually just get their shrimp wonton alone in the their tasty broth and add some chili oil and vinegar. Simply delicious! Also you can buy the wonton frozen to make at home along with their chili oil.
I've been hearing great things about this restaurant through friends and reviews, so I finally had to go try it myself and it was so good! We heard the omakase was very good, but we wanted to try some items off the menu for our first visit. Here is what we ordered: Spider Roll, Foie Gras Sushi, Tempura Dinner, and Chirashi Deluxe. The Spider Roll which has soft crab shell in it, was very mediocre. So don't think we will be ordering maki in our future visit. I have had Foie Gras Sushi at other Japanese restaurants, but this one was the best! A must order! Torched perfectly and just melts in your mouth. The Tempura Dinner was very good. Everything was nicely battered and great portions. It came with 6 pieces of shrimps, and a good variety of vegetables like mushrooms, taro, eggplant, yam, and zucchini. I would also highly recommend the Chirashi Deluxe, the sashimi was so fresh and so much variety. There was salmon, toro, uni, amber jack, roe, unagi, octopus, shrimp, and more! Also the sushi rice was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. So happy to have an authentic Japanese restaurant in the 905. I heard the Chef trained Sushi Kaji.I would have given it a 5 if the roll was a little better and they used fresh wasabi.
They had crab legs, sushi, longan, escargot and frog legs!!!  It don't get any more hardcore than that!
Cool concept, bad execution.  It tasted like the they took the left overs from Panda Express and one those "A___erto's" Mexican joints and threw them in a foil plate.
Our platters were served on a very hot plate that kept our food warm.  The food was great but not memorable.
The food is good but its overpriced.  $11 for pasta Barilla and Classico?...I'll pass.
What the fuck?  Did you say this place is All-You-Can-Eat?  Whenever I go to an All-You-Can-Eat place, I always try to get my money's worth.  This time...big mistake.  What? Chicken? Get in my bowl biatch!   Beef? Get in my bowl biatch! Onions?  Do it now! Cilantro, green onions, cabbage, broccoli, mushrooms, pineapple, zucchini?...all right I'll try some healthy shit.   All these saaauwces!!!  Cause tonight, I'm the saauwce boss!   Whatchyou know about stir fry?  4 plates later, I was in the most wicked food coma I've ever experienced. Advice...go easy on the sauce.
This place smelled really funky when I walked in.  Pizza is better than average.  If it didn't smell, it would get 4 stars.
I ate there last night for the first time so I had to order the "Logan" steak.  It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either.  The steak was juicy and well-seasoned.  The fries were a little stale and the steamed broccoli was...well...just steamed broccoli.  The best thing though was the warm rolls dripping with melted butter.
Very good pizza.  The crust was crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside - the way it should be.  The pepperoni was perfectly crispy on the edges and oily in the middle - the way it should be.    Cheap, clean, friendly, and plenty of seating.
After being seated at three different tables we decided to sit at the bar.  We then found out they were out of lager.  How the hell can a brewery be out of lager?  The food was decent, the service was below average, and the crowd was the usual here in Glendale, old white folks.
I came here with a couple of friends after reading the reviews and I was not disappointed.  My ribeye steak was well-seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My friend ordered the St. Louis and baby back ribs and both were fall-off-the-bone tender.  The side dishes were plentiful and the corn bread was moist and delicious.  The complimentary donuts were warm and a perfect finish to an awesome meal.  Better than Lucille's in California.
What more can you ask for?  Tasty food and efficient yet friendly service in a cozy, romantic environment.  They only take reservations for a group of 6 or more so be prepared to wait about on hour on busy nights.  Although we waited for about 45 minutes, it was well woth it.
Buffalo Wing...$0.35 Draft Beer...$1.00 Slice of Pizza...$1.00 Grimaldi's during Happy Hour...Priceless
Meh...I went here for the Lakers game today.  They have appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, ribs, and salads.  The O'Connell burger that I ordered, which had bacon was just so-so.  The fries were decent.  The Coors Light was a little flat.  Overall, just an average sports bar.  The crowd here seemed a little older.
A wise man once told me, "Don't teach the 'gwei lo' new tricks."  I never understood what that meant until I ate here.
If you're looking for greasy, dirty, late-night drunk Mexican food, don't come here.  They only got the high quality shit here.  Lean and clean.
The buns were pasty and not toasted enough and the meat was overcooked and dry.  Just a notch above Carl's Jr.
At last a nice non-chain coffee shop on Monkland! Coffee is excellent. If you never had Forty Ninth Parallel coffee before, you have to try it. Staff was cool, place looks nice and also they have a small outdoor seating area. What more to ask?
Super fun place and the people are so nice!  Parking is a little tricky but totally worth it!
This Big O Tires is amazing.  The people that work there are all friendly and are willing to help.  I needed some major work done Casey was wonderful to explain everything to me and give me a few different price quotes.  When I went back to have the services performed Tim was wonderful to look up all the previous information and help me make the decision that best worked for my situation. Not only did they give great service they finished earlier than expected and Under the quoted price.  Because there were coupons on the website. I will definitely be back to this location.
We had the screen on my sons phone fixed today.(bummer) We went to Store #3.  They were fantastic and very fast. The phone looks brand new.
We got the cutest puppy last weekend.  The people were so organized and they made the whole experience wonderful.
Everyone was very nice.  They also were right on time and very clean.  My only suggestion would be have prices some where on their page.
My teenage daughter looks forward to her appointment every month and loves everyone on the staff.
I love all the instructors here!  They are all very willing to help and they make each class amazing!
They were very helpful picking out the best fit for my son and the best material for the most wear time here in Vegas.
They are very friendly and helpful.  My son broke his spinner and they returned it no questions asked.
Had a problem today with my sons car starting.  He thought it was the battery.  After it was all said and done it wasn't the battery after all:(. But the manager was amazing and let him have the old battery back and even changed it for us
Everything was awesome!  My 11 year old did a class and my son and I climbed.  Everything was well taken care of and clean.  The staff was very helpful and so nice.  I can't wait to go back!
It's was a cute little shop. They were very busy and they handled it very well.  She still took the time to do a great job on my toes.  Plus it was very clean!
When you were a kid and first learned about the concept of fine dining, this restaurant is probably what you imagined in your mind. Lots of modern fine dining places feel a bit understated - Benu, the French Laundry, Quince, and Saison all come to mind - in their service and interiors, as if to suggest that all of your attention should be on the food. You will not feel that way at all walking into this revered establishment. If Louis XIV had a dining room from Versailles transported into the modern era this is what it might feel like. Bold purple and white colors dominate the main dining space with a tasteful ivy wall serving for contrast against the far wall - the interior broadcasts luxury before you even walk into the space.  I've been fortunate enough to dine here on multiple occasions and every element of the restaurant is best-in-class. Don't believe anyone who think this place has fallen out favor or changed, it is still the best place to eat in all of Las Vegas.  There are a number of food options to choose from but c'mon, if you're here you're doing it wrong if you don't opt for the 16 course degustation menu. It's expensive but trust me, it's worth it. Obviously the menu shifts various dishes in and out but some delicious regulars include La Langoustine, a remarkable lobster ravioli, an amazing preperation of the classic French scallop dish La Noix De Saint-Jacques (I've never had better), and the real star of the show, Le Caviar, a trio of the finest caviar dishes; even if you're not a caviar fan I guarantee this dish will change your mind entirely. The night begins with and is complimented with an over-the-top bread cart full of every kind of freshly baked bread you can imagine but the true piece de resistance as it relates to American palettes is the bacon bread - trust me, you'll want many of these before your meal is over.  I know the image I painted of this place is of an extremely classy fine dining restaurant and that can be intimidating to some. While it most certainly is that they also go out of their way to make each and every guest here feel amazing. Instead of feeling like you are out of place in a luxury fine  dining restaurant the staff do everything they can from the moment you walk in until the moment you leave to make your experience be as memorable and great as it can be.  Highly recommended.
e is one of the best and most innovative restaurants on the Strip. If fine dining is part of your plan while you're Las Vegas, seriously consider planning ahead to have an awesome meal at this place.  Planning ahead is required, btw. There is no dropping in on the restaurant or phoning in for a reservation - you need to email them directly and hope they have a spot for you. I've been a few times and have never had a problem but just keep in mind that you need to take care of business many weeks/months before you arrive in Vegas. For your troubles you will receive a Willy Wonka-esque golden Admit One ticket in the mail which is nice little touch.  After pre-dinner drinks in the more casual Andres establishment you will be escorted back to the dining bar. There are only a handful of seats per seating and everyone sits at the bar while food is prepared in front of you. It is easily the most fun chef's table experience I've ever had. The overall irreverent and playful tone of the evening also is a huge plus as you won't have to feel self conscious showing ecstasy with your food like you would a stuffier restaurant  The food is mostly phenomenal with a combination of new dishes and a few e classics. Each time I've been there they've had the foie gras donuts which are one of the more surprising treats you'll ever consume - when you take your first bite you'll be expecting something with the taste and texture of a Hostess chocolate donut but instead you'll be treated to some of the melty-ess, savoriest foie gras ever. As great as those are they in no way compare to the other fun foie gras preparation, the cotton candy empanadas; these fluffy, sugary and ever slightly rich delicacies were among the most amazing things I've ever tasted. The clams I've had here have also been among my favorite bites ever, with a slightly vinegary brine that is so much more delicious than I'm making it sound.  What's not to love? I do have to say that each time I've been here they've made quite a spectacle of the wagyu beef course (bringing the giant cuts out for display beforehand) but it's always been a cut below just about every wagyu steak I can remember in my head. There are also occasional dishes that don't work as well as the true standouts - in particular I was not a huge fan of the whole baby octopus!  This said, those are relatively minor complaints on an otherwise spectacular experience. Definitely spend an evening at e if you can hook up a reservation and afford the price tag!
The food was great, service was lacking. Would go there again, but would probably ask for a different waiter.
As good as any dunkin donuts. The staff was nice and friendly and my food was cooked well and was good.
Great food! Whenever i travel i automatically dont expect much from ethnic food in really touristy places, ie las vegas, but the food here was actually really good! I always judge my indian restaurants on their malai kofta and this place was right up there with my favorite places. Kudos and keep it up!
I am completely frustrated with this company!  My mortgage was bought/transferred to them back in June and I transferred my Bill Pay service over to them.  When the date for my Bill Pay payment passed with no action on my account, I called their customer service department to find out what the problem was.  They immediately claimed that a payment was never sent to them (I have previously verified the payment with my bank) and would refuse to ask their cashier department to research the payment.  After several calls trying to get this resolved and two talks with their "leadership team" members I was able to get them to admit the payment was made on the date I said it was.  But that was not until after I had to send them a month's worth of my personal bank account transactions to include balances.  I think it's probably illegal for them to demand this type of personal information to resolve an error they made, but I felt I had no choice.    Since then, they have incorrectly processed each of my additional mortgage payments.  They have processed my payments as principal only payments and not payments to my next due mortgage payment.  Again, their customer service department is of no help and guess what?  No supervisors are ever available to talk to a customer!  Bottom line, I think this company is out of control and probably not operating within the limits of the law.  UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATE UPDATE  UPDATE  Within an hour of posting this review I did receive a call from one of Cunningham and Company's managers.  He promised to resolve these issues immediately and provided his direct contact information should I have continuing issues.  I am very pleased that someone within the company I reading these reviews and responding to them.  That's pretty cool!  And thank you Tammy for responding to my review as well.  That's service!
Nothing special here.  We had a group of six and we were seated promptly.  The server didn't know what beers they had on tap and what they call "Craft Beers" are simply just your mid-size brewery's like New Belgium, Left Hand, etc. which is available at most stores selling a decent beer selection.  I was not very impressed with the food.  I ordered a burger which was greasy and plain.  On a positive side, I would say this place is ok for families because there's lots of room and they seem to tolerate wild young-uns well.  On a side note, the night we visited the Arizona Cardinals were holding a pep rally in the restaurant.  The pep rally was a good event.  What surprised me was how sparse the fan crowd was.  If it was a Green Bay Packer or Pittsburgh Steeler rally, the place would've been jam packed!
Terrible place. The service was good but the food was terrible. It's like the worst fast food you can imagine. You might as well just grab something cold from the news stand.
Best pozole and menudo we ever had! Had to order some more menudo to-go to take back home.
I wish this hotel was better. It has great potential. It certainly is nice but every time I've stayed there (3 times) there seems to be something wrong (light fixture broke, shades don't close properly, etc). The acoustics in the hotel could be better.   Pluses: it is quite convenient, clean, has a dishwasher, washer & dryer in the rooms, and of course the wonderful kitchenette. The rooms are a bit small but still manageable. Staff is helpful when needed but otherwise a bit dismissive. The restaurant is fantastic, tho and I highly recommend it.
This hotel is actually quite great. I occasionally fly to Toronto for long weekends and love the fact that most the rooms come equipped with a kitchenette. I pop over to the St. Lawrence Market and stock up on goodies to cook. It's far better than spending money in restaurants. Although, there are a ton of fabulous restaurants in Toronto but you really can't beat the food in the market. In any case, the rooms, yes, they're clean, have wonderful hardwood floors. Pantages has a wonderful spa and everyone is quite helpful. The location is great as it's near the mall and other theater venues. On occasion you can get a really great deal but for me it doesn't really matter, this is one gem of a hotel.
I know they're known for their sandwiches BUT.... Ya gotta try their white pizza!!!! And Thursday's special is amazing!   Pizza - salad - soda all for under $20!!!!
Not impressed :( Knew some folks that used molyneaux without any issues, so we decided to try them. Salesman assured us their installers were A+ After the installation, I found numerous issues - service rep came out to review and made some repairs to installation.  Said he was going to talk to management about issue - never heard from anyone.  A few months later noticed another issue and called service.  Reviewed complaints with the service rep and he agreed the install was not up to their standards - one of the main issues is that the steps weren't properly cut and the carpet did not fit flush.  This time someone did call me back and offered to replace the stairs but could not guarantee color match, so he was to "talk to someone" to see about refunding us some money.  Finally after about two weeks we received a call offering us $150.  I had asked if that was the cost of a new install for the stairs and he replied no but that was all owners were willing to compensate us.  Soooo, we have decided to live the the imperfections and learn not to ever use molyneaux again.  We have since replaced the remaining carpet in the house and used a truly reputable place and this time received A+ work.   If you don't mind "C-" work then by all means use them
Dealing with a situation where a family member has spent time at AGH - needing to have a meal, we saw Legends and decided to try - Oh my!!!!!! Not only was the staff amazing - the food was delicious- we have gone each day (except today - closed Sunday's )  In the midst of such a trying storm, we were so blessed to find the wonderful place - thank you all so much !!!!!!
Terrible place for families w Young kids.  We tried eating here 2 different times...first time they wouldn't seat us or even acknowledge that we were waiting to be seated while taking groups who came in after us.  We have 2 small kids and were hard to miss, so we assumed the young staff does not like kids...(less drink sales?) Second time we got seated and the host and waiter both left me standing in the middle of the room with a baby waiting for a high chair...they went over to other tables and totally forgot about us....while Im standing and looking right at them!  Maybe its not about the kids we had in tow, but service sucks regardless.  NEVER again.
A cosy restaurant with great atmosphere. Unfortunately, the meal and the service fell short of expectations.   We ordered the Roasted Beet salad- to find it came with a pile of arugula and four beet slices. Upon inquiry, the chef said that while the salad was called "Roasted Beets", it didn't mean that the salad would come with all roasted beets. Great for a comedy hour, but surprisingly bad laughs for a $9 salad.   The rest of the meal was good, but did not measure up to the almost $200 bill (for two entrees, three aps and a liter of house wine).
Jack was extremely helpful and didn't make me feel like I was stupid.  Most mechanics make women feel real dumb but not Jack, he explained everything to me in detail so that I can make an intelligent decision.
I really like the atmosphere of the restaurant, everyone was friendly and helpful.  I ordered the shrimp fried rice and I have never been more pleased with a dish.  It wasn't greasy and it was very flavorful.  I will definitely be going back and using them for our next office meeting.
I had a problem with this location and thanks to the manager Travis and the fact that he addressed the issues to solve the long wait times, I am and will continue to be a loyal customer.
Loved the atmosphere and all the staffs recommendations were on point. Tuna poke tacos and the butter chicken we're our favorites.
Hired the Maids to clean my house as I was moving out. Was quoted price of $220 to $260.00.   Felt that was fair and hired them.  After the cleaning was completed which I will say was very good, I found the bill for $720.00. I felt that had to be an error and called and was told "no, no error". I asked how they could trip,e a price without even letting me know and was told they do it all the time and nobody complains.  No, I did not pay the $720, took to my lawyer and was asked If they had done something extra and answered with what they told me, they cleaned extra good!  So, I guess for triple less they wouldn't have cleaned good, not really sure.  I suggested that if they were going to triple their bills they should let customers know before hand and was to,d she oils take that into consideration.  Needless to say...will never use them again or refer to them.
Came here for a wedding and it was picture perfect. The ceremony took place outside and was beautiful. It was nice that there weren't other people milling around watching, it was very private. We all went inside for appetizers and drinks. The ballroom was beautifully decorated but the food was dry and not all of the people at our table had a place to sit so they had to add chairs last minute (we had place tags but no chairs). The cake was awful but I am not sure if that was from this place. The service was good, bartender was kind of rude but oh well.
This place is amazing. I was recently here and started with the bread and butter. What is in the butter. Oh my god. Delicious. The bread was incredible. We also got the bruschetta which was not traditional but amazing. I had the risotto and honestly dream about it. Not your usual take on risotto. Everyone else had pizza and they loved it. It was a great meal. Our server was a darling!
Came here for the first time over the weekend and had a BLAST. I wish they had these in CA. First of all, I am horrible. But it's such a relaxed atmosphere. Our server was so nice and attentive. We ordered drinks and chips and queso. The queso was amazing, salsa and quac not so much.  I had the mac and cheese burger which was huge and amazing. My boyfriend had wings and our friend got sliders which were great. I would definitely come back all the time if they were in CA.
I love this rooftop bar! It's so open and cute. Our server was not the friendliest but it's okay, they were slammed. I really enjoyed the drinks although the food menu should be expanded a bit. I like the idea of small bites but I need more of a variety. Nothing sounded appetizing which drinking a bunch. The ambiance is so good so id come back!
This place is amazing. We started with the caprese salad and I think it was my favorite dish. The tomatoes were extremely fresh as was the cheese. The balsamic was perfect and light. I had the rigatoni with creamy pesto which was so so good and my boyfriend had a bunch of seafood piled high. We took some leftovers and it was just as good the next day. I would recommend to anyone in town!
I came here last weekend and had a great meal. We sat at the sushi bar and the bartender (I can't remember her name but she was pregnant) was absolutely fantastic. She was super quick and we had wanted mules but she didn't have anymore cups. As soon as one turned up she brought us mules .... on the house! So kind! We enjoyed a lobster role and some tuna sashimi which was to die for. So fresh and delicious. I had such a great night, my boyfriend wanted to come back the following night so it was a winner in my bo
This place is amazing! I came here for lunch and we started by making our own cheese platter. We started with the deviled eggs (SO good), the cheddar, hot salami, prosciutto, and pimento (YUM). I got the minestrone soup, it was mediocre. But the grilled cheese bites were amazing. Also got the grilled chicken sandwich which was huge. The drinks were trendy and delicious. Our waiter was so nice, though I forget his name. I would love to come back if only I lived in Arizona. Come to California please!!
GET THE BUFFALO CHICKEN DIP. you will not be sorry. The pita chips are crunch but soft and amazing and the dip is literally so delicious. I had the pierogies which were good but a little bland. Everyone else had sandwiches which looked amazing. The drink specials are great! This is such a great spot for a late afternoon lunch. Service was slow but they were slammed so it was understandable. I also loveeee the gummy worms in the drinks. So good!
I got the dunkaroo ice cream. It was creamy and rich. They make them in small batches from local dairy farms in the North Carolina area, so you know it's gonna be delicious!
Amazing presentation and service! Will definitely add this to our local favorites! Try the Catfish and Crispy Duck......not to mention their Shrimp Pad Thai.
Love this restaurant! Every meal ordered was great, including our young sons. This is a must try for anyone in Vegas, local or visiting. They have a wonderful atmosphere inside and out...especially the view from the outside  balcony tables. The service is attentive and accommodating with great attitudes. Our son Chaison Nivatvongs-Tobin  gives them 5 stars and so do I!
The Smokey Poke was amazeballz!!..#atetoomuchoffhehappyhourmenu     I'm not being bias to say he does great Thai and fusion dishes but soon he will have Duck and more awesomeness! !! Got the inside scoop. ....from the man!!!
We have been coming here for a long time and have never been disappointed. The food and service are top notch! Don't let the Mall Food Court location keep you away, this is the best Greek Food in town.   Alot of places would rather use cheaper food products to make more money, but not at Kyklos, they use better quality ingredients to keep their customers happy. Worth paying a little more for quality, as they say, you get what you pay for!    Definitely try the Greek Fries, and get extra Feta Cheese and sauce on the side. The Gyros are great as well as the Cheese Pie or Flaming Cheese.    Would recommend for anyone visiting Henderson or the Galleria Mall.
Bonnie and her team saved me money with a simple switch from my old insurance company and bundling my business and personal vehicles was super easy to do also! She is always available whenever I call and has given me excellent personal customer service.
Found this place by accident at the fantastic indoor swap meet. Now I can't get enough! I live across town and drive each weekend to enjoy the empanadas. Totally worth the drive, and George is always happy to serve you. Also try the most amazing chimichurri sauce!! If your looking for a great hidden food find, this is it!!!! I love, Love Empanadas!!
I had to call Dan out again.  Like I said in my review I will always go back to him.  He was in and out within 10 mins.  I will always go back to him with how honest and wonderful of a job he does.  Thanks Dan for everything!
My stove ignitor was broken.  They contacted me right away, came out the next morning and had it done in 15 minutes.  My oven was slowly dying, which I didn't know because now it heats up quick and works like new.  Thank you so much for the great price and service.  Loved it that I was able to pay with my card and not have to have cash on me.  I will always come back to you guys when I need anything else.
I had the best experience at Chapman with Frank Rodriguez. I wasn't sure on what specific kind of car I wanted and Frank was really patient with me. He showed me a lot of cars until I finally got something my husband and I agreed on. This took about two weeks and he never stopped being really nice and keeping in contact with me. Next car I will be going back to them and going through Frank. Thank you for taking so good care of me.
Good food, terrible service. This place just does not have it systems together.  Green bean Caesar salad with chicken  Quinoa salad Salmon with rice  Beer that never came  Food was better than decent but not good enough for me to want to come back here with the service or lack there of
This place is not prepared to do business yet. Not only do their phones not work but they were unable to accommodate us after we made a reservation on open table. There was one server who didn't know how to handle the situation and they turned us away. We wouldve been happy to have a see at the bar, which was empty.   Obviously, the other 2 reviews were friends of the chef. Maybe wait for some more accurate ones. I almost never leave negative reviews but in this case it was warranted.
Good wine Meh... On the pizza. But I'm a Brooklyn snob.   Service was so so. Only went as a last resort because there wasn't much else around the Renaissance hotel late at night.
I love everything mundo! The scallops, the guacamole, the liquid pleasure martini, and anything alien tequila.they make bomb alien margaritas! Tres leches dessert! I love you chef!
I will be back and hopefully update my stars. I was kind of shocked/put off tonight  to be told upon seating at 1:28 AM that the last call was at 2 AM. On the door they close at 3am and it was my first time so I did not know what was going on especially with checking the hours on yelp. I also thought that I might be wrong in that it was a Sunday night.   However the kitchen really does close at 2 AM daily, but they stay open till 3 AM for hanging out or if you want to drink I guess? I think it's confusing, but the sushi was nice enough that I will be back at an appropriate hour.   No wonder they were all cleaning up and the lights were brightly on. I'd be pissed too to see me walking in solo at that hour. I apologized and explained that it was my first time and that I did not know that they closed at 2am. It was then explained to me that I wasn't mistaken that they just do last call at 2am, but they're open until 3am. I replied with, "if people want to drink at a bar they'll go hang out at a bar." I also said I would come earlier next time. I'm just trying to find a better Sushi Kaya as I feel sushi Kaya has gone downhill in the past year. ;(   Rough start for me at this place but I hope to return!
3-6 happy hour $2 off draft beers and I love their sliders or the big juicy burgers on potato bun.
Brother and sister owned welcoming and generous service. Delicious falafel and baba ganoush
I adore Liz.She has been my stylist for more than a year and she always makes my color and cut look fabulous.She always knows exactly what I want even when I can't put it into words. Such a sweet chic and has bent over backwards for me  for emergency color when I'm past due and last minute on scheduling with her. Thank you Liz!
I thought the happy hour was limited but good for just opening a restaurant.I hated the deep fried overcooked burger, but kudos to the Colman's mustard and the HP sauce. The fish and chip slider was yummy. Myself and friend were completely unamused by our bartender, Kimmy.She was unattentive, unpersonable, and apparently too consumed with work with the two of us plus two others at her bar. My advise to her would be to have fun, be genuine, smile,and find another job....maybe political science?
I can't even order here. It's like families meet Mexican cafeteria. I can't do it! I walked in early to meet a friend and told him to meet me elsewhere. Ewww ;(
I always get the beef tendon, uni with ikura, foie and rice bowl, and anything different from the chalkboard specials that the server goes over at the table.the agedashi tofu is a must as well!
The doctor has a very nice and attentive service. The glasses selection is minimal. I came in for the Groupon exam and was happy to take my prescription to Pearle Vision where they have walls of glasses to choose from.
I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm
I waited a while to get served but, I was solo and put in the corner so I get it. I thought about putting a timer on my phone to see how long it would take to be greeted. Ok, I did do that. ( Once a server, always a server). The prices are a little high, but I think it was worth it. The music playing reminded me of my visit to the W hotel lounge in NY, but the lighting was like track lighting disaster. They should soften it up in there and put some plants around or something. I wanted to eat an amazing burger, thumble through Las Vegas Weekly drink a couple, make it one beer due to the cost and start my weekend early. I did love the Kiki Burger..perfect medium rare as I requested and yummy sweet caramelized onion jam with a mix of mushrooms and cheese. My $4.00 fries I could have done without. I wanted to take them out of the silly cone display. I ordered the salt and pepper fries which were decorated lightly with fried jalapenos, fresh cilantro, and grated ginger. They were shoestring thin and were luke warm upon delivery before my burger so were kind of cold after a few in. I like thicker fries though.The burger and the BUN was off the hook. If I hadn't spent $5 on a pint I would have spent another $5 on a special milkshake like the one with bacon in it. But, they ran out. Do look at the chalk board as they had a special milkshake of the day: white chocolate cranberry was the one when I came in Valentine's Day week.
Their menu changes nightly. Comfy atmosphere and fresh Italian with nice service.
I came in for lunch, sat at the bar, was carded for my club soda and felt like I was invisible because I wasn't ordering proper drinks with my food. It was ok bar food at great happy hour price. Nothing really to race about though.
Love Dalton, Bryce, and fam! I wish I could spend more than 4 hours with you and your restaurant.Waittttt, I probably have! Xoxo!
Best and my new fave AYCE place ;) get Daniel as your sushi chef. He was pleased to teach me about and sample some live and obviously raw "horse clam" or geoduck and asked if it was ok to use fresh wasabi. Are you kidding!? Ummm, yes please! He also topped the scallops with wasabi tobiko which was a nice surprise :)
It was delicious and they even brought out Thai chilis for me to pop one in my mouth as a dare which was followed by some refreshingly delicious Thai tea! Loved the raw oyster with the mushroom "caviar"
I like this spot because it's not in a casino and not packed so you can find a great seat. This time though, the floor was sticky and had not been swept. :(
Love it!!! Layne thank you for you for recommendations!!!! You were pleasant, upbeat, and fun! We got the repeat necessities and you guided us into amazeaballs additions!!!
As good at gets! I always bring these beauties to friends visiting Las Vegas
I just had one guy ahead of me. Nice attendant and I saved $3 with a coupon that i printed from online ;)
Yeah! I'm here! Happy Hour daily. $5 special app and beer menu at bar, outside covered patio, and sushi counter only 4pm-6:00pm
Efficient and painless in getting the duplicate health card today. $20 Come the renewal though, Food Handlers will be required to pay for the $20 online class and then the extra $20 for the ID card. Grrrr!
I love Archi's close to home and delicious every time!
Maybe I strayed too far away from my usual. I got he carne asada burrito special as suggested from other Yelpers. For $7.95 the meat was flavorless, chewy, and kind of dry. The guacamole was scarce inside of the burrito as well ;( the beans and rice were yummy though! I'll still be back though...
It gets BUSY at Happy Hour! So be a nice, little, patient guest and understand that the staff is running their a***es off and will get to you as soon as they can.   The live music was really fun and different. I loved the large selection on happy hour and as a first timer, I had a blast and will definitely be back :) Katie, our bartender, recommended the fish tacos and the goat cheese apps on happy hour. I got those! Yum! The regular guy next to me also ordered the blackened fish tacos and gave them high praise and a thumbs up to me in my wise ordering. My gf and I had a couple cocktails and personalized shots and we were then definitely inducted into the cool club. Lol. We went upstairs to Blue Martini for ladie's night, BUT I wish I had just stayed and chilled at Tommy Bahamas!!!!!Better service, more fun, delicious food, and a chill atmosphere at Tommy Bahama's I will tell everyone btw! It's a Town Square hidden gem.But, if you'd like to be carded a million times, pay more for watered down stupid martini and "extra" shaker drinks (BM) drinks, go to Yard House or Blue Martini. haha! Enjoy my photos and more to come!
Amazing start to finish. I brought wine for my date and I and I don't know if they just forgot or were nice to us being locals, but we weren't charged a corkage fee. Everything was delicious. I couldn't pick a fave!
Great staff,friendly,attentive and clean restaurant. I never come to chili's but decided to for the all day happy hour on sunday.you can't beat the prices and at least you can see some sunshine and not be tempted by any gaming. It was a fun Sunday drinking and eating their nachos and onion jalapeno strings.I'm coming back next Sunday:)
I love the hot tri colored chips, taco Tuesday! Karaoke Thursday, Happy Hour from 3-6 and brunch on Sunday! Killer homeade margarita and my new favorite bartender, Vincanto, "Vinny" made up the best Dulce de Leche martini. We loved the mahi mahi tacos, the carnitas and the guacamole! The place is so comfy, swanky, and very welcoming. I'm so happy that it's right across the street from home. Sorry Lindo!!!! Chinita's wins!!!
I bought a lot of new stuff and the ladies came in adjusted my straps and gave me their opinion in what they liked best on me. Very attentive service ;)
Service was sweet, but I've had better seasoned and flavored steaks. The share a steak and get a salad, side and dessert was a good deal for $99 though included a half bottle of merlot or cab
I love the ramenDX w/ pork belly! The eel roll with spicy tuna, tofu tuna salad! the ambience, and plenty of sake!
Have you seen all my photos yet of Five50 food? Delicious!!!! try not to lick the photos! 550 Degrees for the oven temperature for the best pizzas! Come get some!
I am loving how things are shaping off of me!  ;) I highly recommend the cavi-lipo if you're looking to get rid of problem areas. Just be patient and know that it's going to take more than a few sessions for optimal results despite what you saw on Dr. Oz lol. I just think that everyone must respond differently. I've visited Kim 5 times now and will probably book another 7 with this particular procedure. It's well worth it!!!!  I also love the decor, cleanliness, and soothing aroma that welcomes you when you come in. Kim is fully booked (that just shows you people are really hooked and that it works!) so I'd recommend booking at least 3 appointments at a time. Enjoy the new you whether it's skinnier, smoother, or less hairy! ;) Thanks Kim!
I am so relieved! Dr. Burquest and staff; Jenny, Melinda, were amazing with my little guy, Marco. The doctor was thorough and was nice and took the REAL time to explain all the tests that were done. We're going back in a couple weeks for a checkup, but no crystals or blockage! I've been over watering his food! You can actually over do it!  Thank you all!
I don't want to tell you how great this place is or else you'll take my luck! 24/7 delicious wings and gambling? Yes, please! Ask Mike for his favorite mix on wing flavor. It's so good ;) plus, tues it's wings for 0.60 cents ;) love you guys!!!
Great date place. Love the menu layout under a clipboard given at the table. The bread offered! Brioche muffins and pretzel bread with the room temp butter is oh so delicious. I love the charcuterie selection too.a few choices were: Duck prosciutto, Humbolt fog cheese, Jamon Serrano, and came with quince spread and fig jam.
Awesome happy hour last night! Sake and fresh sushi in a clean and inviting restaurant.We started with the HH calamari with a jalapeno vinaigrette over arugula. The sushi rolls that followed melted in my mouth. DELICIOUS!
I will never, I repeat never eat at Sushi Zmon ever again. This is the best sushi and the best AYCE sushi in Las Cegas. Cajun albacore nigiri.Get some! But, seriously, everything we ordered was impeccably delicious ;) from the mussels to the bacon wrapped scallop skewers to the funky fried mushrooms stuffed with tuna,. Also enjoyed a XXX2 roll, probably XXX3 roll, fire beef, half shell crab, spicy sticky rice cake, and well....everything rocked! You will become a Kaya groupie!
Huge restaurant gaming when you walk in.stage with artists playing 7 days a week.get the daddy mac shrimp or the coconut asian wings!
Sammy's is my new happy hour spot! 3-6 Daily with half off tapas and $2 of wines by the glass. Everything that Mike or Emily recommended was delicious! The service was engaging, fun, and welcoming. I'm going back today after making sure I write my review to go with the pics I took a couple days ago ;) thank you guys!  Did this get posted?????
The other two reviews are pointless. I'm excited to move into my apartment! Stephanie from the leasing office has been so dedicated in helping me find exactly what I was looking for.   She has spent so much time on the phone with me, answering all of my questions, has been so upbeat, and in her time off has taken pictures of the unit and sent them to me! Talk about going the extra mile to get the business well done!.The unit looks beautiful. I love the amount of space you get for the price. And I'm 3 minutes from my new job so I'm stoked. Can't wait to move back to Charlotte! Thank you again Stefanie!
The best thing was the pork belly. Wasn't impressed with the rolls, the baked mussels, dessert, or the menu.. I love sushi Kaya way more.
A little mishap in the beginning with ordering the hair for extensions but what a turn around with Crystal at the front desk!   Crystal kept me calm and truly elevated my first experience with Pico M. She was creative and quick on her feet in fixing my hair order dilemma and now I will be able to make the flight with my new hair ;)   Crystal also impressed me with her knowledge of hair care with the extensions which truly amazed me especially for working the front desk.Thank you Crystal and Letty for doing all that it takes to please a difficult guest like me  ;)
Five stars for the service (Sergio) the food, the ambience, and overall dining experience. I will definitely be back!!! Love you guys ;)
I just ordered the Shroom with Red sauce and the maple marscapone  cheesecake. So good! Those Guys, I love recommending you! Muah!
I have been to Smashburger a few times and have even ordered takeout. I will never dine IN again after yesterday's experience. 3 out of the 5 back booths were dirty with trays of food and the floor was also dirty. Yes, they were short staffed and finally a manager appeared but she should have taken over. Our server  was Akexandra and she looked miserable to work there. The burger was still tasty. I always get the "sin city" burger.The vibe has definitely changed :( Bachi Burger across the street wins.
The gaucho wings.unfreakin believable! Garlic butter cilantro deliciousness ;) they offer them on the football menu.I was ther monday  Fun! And delicious! Kinda smokey
Randomness walkin to a 9 piece brass band with crazy vocals.I couldn't believe that this was happening in in Vegas and on a wed. The bbq chicken pizza is sooooo good :) Beers offered small or large. :) great prices.
My bf and I have dined here twice in 2 weeks. Love the atmosphere, service, value and delicious Italian! The first time we went was on a Tuesday night and waited an hour for a table for two. Very busy and happy for them! ;) they take reservations an hour after the time you call so just call ahead!
I love how it says, yeah I'm a fan! For four stars. I'm clearly being sarcastic. I paid 12 for parking for an hour and forty minutes. If you look rough and speak poorly you get the judge's sympathy and are allowed to speak where he will kindly listen. If you're dressed respectively, he'll cut you off and give you minimum payments of $100 a month ;(
Pretty good! Although the cevape I think is better at Prince. We loved the salad and the stuffed roasted peppers though.
Comfort food overload. Everyone talks about their humongo chicken pot pie, but did you realize they have a $2-$7 Happy Hour daily? 3:30-6:30 mon-Friday and Saturday in the morning sometime I think it's 11-4. Sunday is funday because happy hour is all day long! They've spruced up the place and I hope that more fun, young locals start hanging out here as it's close to my home. Would love to meet ya!
I love plants! I had to actually return my black mission fig tree. Home Depot is cool. You can return your plants with a receipt up to a year with no questions asked. Works if you're not the avid gardener. My fig tree didn't die, but the figs tasted gross! ;(
I have had my belt replaced after coming in originally for an oil change not once, but twice. My G35 Infiniti Coupe which has never had any issues started screeching. I brought it back in and they didn't hear the noise, but changed the belt again. I was told to bring it back in when my car consistently makes the noise. Fast forward 8 months and my car ends up through AAA at a different auto body shop, Vegas Auto Body for a new thermostat. I ask John, to take a look at the belt because ever since it was changed the noises occurred. He didn't even hesitate in saying after looking at my car that the belt that was put on from before was too big! That I should take it back and get the right one put on. I take it back, the same waste lf time again....nothing wrong with the belt,  but now a pulley. I have been a customer of Ted Weins from Tampa, Fl to Vegas for all oil change, tires, and service needs.NEVER AGAIN!
Pretty good and super sweet older man as our server. He really went out of his way to check with the kitchen to accommodate me in my requests in changing some things on a dish that I ordered. We loved the sopapillas for dessert too ;) the only thing weird I noticed was the radio was breaking up and going fuzzy which was semi annoying.
One of Vegas' number 1 shops for building cars in the past they have had many of the fastest civics in Vegas including the fastest at one point and builds many of Team Elite's Drag Cars and the owners have been building/racing since the mid 90s
Simply scrumptious; would have given 4.5 stars, if possible.  We enjoyed dinner on the patio (although flies were very annoying).  Perfect filet & scallops (and I'm picky!).  Recommend reservations.
If I could give  this review 10 I would! Both times I've eaten at the Bellagio Buffet have been for Brunch. The first time was amazing but the second blew my mind into a different galaxy. Let me tell you why!  For five bucks extra you can indulge in the unlimited champagne during Brunch. Last memorial day me and about 30 of my old college friends decided to reserve three tables and let the champagne makes us even more ridiculous.  Champagne aside they serve fillet Mignon for breakfast! I find it very difficult to find Eggs Benedict at a regular breakfast joint but the Bellagio Brunch will make you cry tears of joy. They have crab legs and buckets upon buckets of shrimp. The desserts are rich and plentiful as well as the exotic fruit .The service was great and we stayed until they served sushi for Lunch.   The only downpart was when the manager cut me and the remaining 6 friends off and would not allow us to drink any more.  I've made plans to go again and will be ready to feast away!
Best pizza and no doubt....wings in town. Great service and staff. A must visit. If you live in town or are visiting the queen city, check them out.
The place for high quality craft cocktails in Matthews. Super friendly, talented and knowledgeable staff. Not your typical taphouse in town but a great place to chill  in a cozy environment for any custom drink you might want.
Best Italian food around. The chicken parm special during the week is loaded with chicken, enough for 2. Good drink options and super kid friendly. My kids love the pizza and garlic knots.
I was referred by a friend.  No appointment...they where  really friendly  and professional.  Took my car right in diagnosed  the problem  and fixed it . Resnable prices. I would definitely  go back!!!!
Went there last week for the first time to celebrate my friend's birthday. Outside is kinda simple and I was a bit worried... but the interior was much nicer and warmer. Made a reservation several hours before - no problem. Full bar with plenty of seating area... Greeted by the lady name Catherine... and later her husband Jose. (We appreciated their special efforts to make us feel comfortable, so one extra star!) No one ordered martini, but we enjoyed calamari, meatballs, prawns, lamb chops and mushrooms. All unique, freshly made and reasonably priced. I will definitely come back for more.
I wasn't so fond of the cashier girl that day, but Apple Pie Concrete was SO good, I'll come back anyways.
The salon is cozy and cute, all equipments are clean and well taken care of. As soon as I sat down, I was offered Japanese candies, magazines and something to drink. Consultation took about fifteen minutes, and my stylist (Shin) took his time to explain what can be done and what he recommends. Initially I wanted to get my hair permed and colored, but he was concerned my hair would break off. I really appreciate his honesty. I went with coloring and cut, and I am satisfied with the results. They import Japanese product which are supposedly less harsh on hair and scalp. The best part : shampoo and head massage, I'd come back just for this ! Tips : make reservation ahead of time, this place is always busy and they take few customers to provide unrushed service. Make sure to check their cancellation policy upon booking.
Freshly made mozzarella cheese I've got today was so awesome! I just came to get pasta (bucatini is my fav), capers and tomato sauce (NINA is so tasty and thick), but ended up getting mozzarella, pinwheels (best that I've ever tasted), and 1LB of salami. The guy always offer me to taste something yummy which I always end up buying, and he usually gives me a good discount. Love this place!!! I live near summerlin but it's worth the drive :)
I don't even like burgers but this place comes to my mind (and make me drool) every 5 weeks or so, and that's addiction. My favorite is Naga Dog :)
Great ambience, staff, and food. It's definitely worth the drive. That day, I had an amazing Aji - Sashimi that almost made me forget that I was in the middle of the desert. I don't know how they do it, but everything I tasted was fresh! I'd definitely repeat.
I don't even like Mexican food that much to begin with... But I don't mind repeating this place every week.  Why I think Zaba's tastes so much better than other (Americanized) tacos joint... Like Qdobas, Chipotle, or Baja Fresh... I don't really know. I can't explain. I guess I am just madly in love with their unique recipe ? I must also add that quality of the food is fairy consistent here, which gives me peace of mind. Just a little F.Y. I. I just had jalapeno poppers for the first time, and I am ready to drive back there for some more :)
This is for the paint ball review.   I saw the deal on groupon and decided to go for it. We paid 104 bucks for 4 people and each of us got 250 paints, which lasted about 2 hours. You may think "only two hours ?" But it is very intense and you will get very tired by the time you ran out of your paint. The people there were very friendly and accommodating. This place is perfect for teenagers as well as adults. Women receives free chest guards. I do recommend wearing neck guard.
Great tea selections, fresh food and great atmosphere. I had a bowl of split pea soup which was not too thick or thin. Priced just right, and service was excellent as well. Definitely repeat.
It's a shame I don't even know the name of the Dr. Who took care of us but he is a pro! I thought gingivectomy was supposed to be painful but no! He numbed 1/2 of my mouth in less than a minute. I've received local anesthesia from several dentists before, but no one was never this good. The procedure was smooth and quick. I usually fear to go back to the dentist but I can't wait for my next appointment. On the other note, they are running 1800/implant which I think is reasonable.
The place is small but posh and cozy. 30 minutes free parking right in the heart of down town is a huge plus. We ordered Rueben and Pork Schnitzel; both tasted extraordinary. I almost ordered another Rueben to go, it was super sweet and juicy. Owner took some time to talk to us and staffs greeted us with smile. Exceptional customer service, we truly felt welcomed. We don't come to downtown often, but we don't mind driving 20 minutes just to re-experience goodwich!
I usually upload a pic or two whenever I post a review on yelp because "picture can describe 1000 words"... Right ? Well, no... Not this place. You just have to come in to find out yourself because those pics I took would not do justice to zen's "amazingness".   My recommendation : shrimp curry or curry udon. Level 5 is pretty spicy already and I have high tolerance for spicy food
It's 1:20am and I am so tired, but I just cannot go to sleep without writing a review for this place. I just have to get it off my chest. This small, cozy, reservation-only place is off the hook!! (excuse my slang, I just don't know any other ways to put it) I thought Ichiza was the only late night Japanese hang out place in Vegas, but I was wrong! This place serves authentic Japanese food for very reasonable price, just like Ichiza, but in more sophisticated style. I have ordered Foie Gras, Oden, Raku-Tofu, Agedashi-Tofu, Green Tea Creme Brulee, and Brown Sugar Flan. Everything tasted far beyond my expectation. Servers took time to explain how to eat every dish, and my tea cup was never empty for no more than 5 minutes. Great service! You can tell they put no weird chemicals to boost up the flavor, and food was simple, genuine, healthy, and marvelous. As soon as I've heard this place is reservation-only, I put their phone number in my phone... that's how much they've blown off my mind. Will definitely repeat.
Whoever doesn't like this place is a hater ! I love everything about suzuya. It makes me feel as if I am back in Japan. Their cakes/crepes are not too sweet, not too oily and full of flavors. A bit expensive but I think it's worth it.
Goat Meat, Elk Meat, Buffalo Burger... you can find exotics here. The store is kept clean (no bad smell), and the customer service was excellent. Will return :)
Generous portion, friendly waiters, clean dining room (semi open kitchen I guess?) and authentic Katsu!! Menu is small but they do it RIGHT! Thank you for choosing the location so close to my house, now I will never want to move. Good job!
Charlotte is personal, compassionate and extremely skilled nurse injector who took her time to thoroughly answer ALL of my questions/concerns regarding procedures, expected outcomes and potential problems I may or may not go through (which I didn't experience any of them). Before she left the room to gather the equipments, she asked how good I am with pain; when I told her I do not tolerate sharp pain very well, she offered to do dental block. I've experienced dental block at several different dental offices before, and it wasn't always pleasant - but Charlotte was very precise and careful with her needles, I was very grateful that she took that extra step to ensure I stayed comfortable throughout the procedure. While some people told me that their experiences were fairy simple and quick, Charlotte did take her time to work on me to make sure the results are symmetrical, "natural" yet effective. I am happy with my experience with Charlotte, and I would recommend her to anyone.
I just came back from there and I'm already planning for the next trip. Very chic and pop restaurant... black and white interior, big window over looking bellagio fountain, and sexy servers. We ordered Chocolate Fondue (Hazelnuts) for two and it was more than 3 of us can finish. Bubble gum unsweetened tea was a bit artificial, but still fun to experience. Overpriced? Maybe a bit. But this is Vegas.
Previously I gave 4/5 stars to this place, and I have the urge to correct it now. It's 5/5, if I can add another star, I would, because this place is very very special to me. Their ramens have improved a lot, and I like the fact bachi - Shoku is now the same restaurant. My hubby can eat his burger while I eat my noodles. Everyone is happy. More seatings, modern decor, same friendly services, crazy busy kitchen. What's not to love about this place? The only request? Bring back fried chicken from original Shoku please !! Their drumstick was out of this world, and CFC is just not the same.
Just came back from here and I'm satisfied. We've ordered Tonkotsu Ramen, Mentaiko-Don, Cold Noodle (Hiyashi Chuka), Dumplings and Fried Rice. Place was so small, constantly packed and it's seems to be in-n-out kinda place. Definitely not the best place to relax and have a long conversation with friends over the meal. You eat, you get out. Service was ok. Nothing exceptional, but not rude either. Portion is kinda small but I usually eat noodles with something else anyways, so it worked out just fine. I really liked fried rice there... more than noodles. Noodles was great, not the best I've ever had, but I was certainly happy.
We went there on valentines day - no reservation, no wait. The hostess sat us right away, and we were pleasantly surprised. The restaurant was super busy at that time, but the service was exceptional. Both server and the bus boy made sure we've got everything we needed. They were all friendly, professional and polite. We ordered two Bellini (one regular, one strawberry), one flat bread (fig and prosciutto), and beef carpaccio. All were winners but I couldn't believe how tender and packed in flavors beef carpaccio was. The beef was thin, and unbelievably soft. It went very well with rest of the ingredients on the plate: arugula and polenta cake. The portion was generous, and the price was moderate for vegas. Next time, we will make a reservation and sit outside patio to enjoy the fountain show.
Great selections of coffee and tea. Small two story shop filled with hip people. Enjoyed a pot of vanilla rooibos tea, chocolate macaroon tea, smooth jazz and posh people there. Plenty of outlets and free wifi, also magazines and games available... very generous :) Perfect to study if you don't mind a little noise (I study better that way). BTW, owner is friendly Brazilian guy and he seems to really care about where he gets his beans. Definitely come back for more.
Yes it's pricey but it's so worth it! I just came back from the lunch here and I think I paid about $40/person and the tip. I've been to approx 5 different churrascaria restaurants in 3 different cities, but this is by far the best. I love everything here, especially lamb, garlic sirloin, fish (salmon), fried banana, risotto, and caramel flan. This place does train their service stuff well. You may feel that someone is always watching you when you eat, but as soon as you finish eating, drop a fork, or empty the water glass, someone always come right away to accommodate your need. I asked the server if he's got any lamb, and even though there was only 4 of us in the restaurants that time, he went back to the kitchen and prepare one just for us. Managers are also very friendly. Ambience here is sophisticated... subtle Brazilian music, spacious floor plans, contemporary objects, perfect for someone's birthday party or dinner date. I'd love to come back soon, but first I have to digest the food first.
Black Tonkotsu: It's definitely heavy but somehow I finished mine with no problem. My hubby ordered Red, which was definitely lighter, but with a kicked up attitude. We loved them both, and we are willing to come back to try other ramen as well. At Jinya, sides are plentiful as well. We ordered brussels sprouts tempura (very creative and intricate), octopus balls (I'll come back just for them), and refreshing annin-dofu at the end of our meal. The only thing they're missing is fried rice, which isn't a big deal at all. The service was super fast, hostess/servers were all friendly, and it's not as crowded as monta/spring mountain. It seats about 50 people (spacious), so you can actually enjoy your meal without feeling rushed. HUGE PLUS.
Super fast service :) I called the place, waited 25 minutes, paid $66 for one lock, and now I am moving on with my life like nothing happened. I hope I won't need them again but if anything happens in the future, or if my friends need one, I will definitely call this number again. They take credit card/cash.
I like ayce but what happened to those italian dishes? chefs are japanese and they do serve high quality sushi though. Smaller amount of rice compared to other ayce sushi joint, which, im sure is a good news to ladies. Too bad, only one order of dessert, bc im still dreaming of that green tea pannacotta. (update) Just came back from Nakamuraya... WOW, thanks yelpers!
I guess it's not fair for me to review this place while I didn't get there until the last minute of lunch buffet... I was actually surprised they let us in. Food was old and dried by then, but they sure tasted great. Next time, I'll come earlier.
Free hiv and std check up done here which will save you up to 400 bucks. Staffs are all friendly and passionate. I appreciate this organization and will recommend to anyone.
This is my second time here and they left me sitting in this seat for more than 30min... While they are taking care of ladies who came after me, and i do not think theyve made their appointments. I can find this kind of service at the next corner, so after this fill, they will lose me for good.
I don't like to leave negative comments but Nick (the reviewer) is absolutely right. The staff didn't even look at us, told us to come back after "a few minutes". He didn't tell us when to come back. As a matter of fact, he didn't tell us to come back at all. I get that people need to take a break, that's not what I am complaining about. It's the way he said it. If you like to be treated like a customer, not a nagger, go elsewhere.
1 of the reasons we bought a house in South West is because it is very close to this studio... Very thankful for the founder and coaches here for getting me and my hubby back in shapes.
This is a review for my nurse practitioner, Courtney. I drive 45 minutes just to see her every two-three months. She's very patient, warm, listens without interruption, and she makes you feel like you can tell her anything. I've never been this excited to go see a primary caregiver. Thank god my husband's insurance covers my visitation here!!! The wait time is approx. 5-30 minutes. Other staffs (CNAs, receptionists) are also amicable & professional. This facility is small, clean and has two TVs & play room for small children in the waiting lounge. It says walk ins are welcome, but I would recommend making an appointment.
The best Chinese spot in town !!! My recommendations are (1) Salt and pepper chicken wings (2) Singapore noodle (3) Honey walnut chicken but other items are also great ! Shrimps are cleaned, fat and juicy. The delivery fee is 2.00 which is extremely reasonable. Go to their website before you order, many discounts are available (we got chicken wings for free).
When we went there, there was no wait line... I think it was on Wed around 3pm? There were only 4 groups of people and the atmosphere was quite chill. I see some people complaining about the customer services, but I thought they were pretty pleasant. It did take quite some times before our food arrived, but they say good things happen to those who wait.   I ordered short rib seamed bun, and my bf ordered spicy miso. We were both happy with the food we've got; just, I thought my steamed bun tasted much better with miso sauce instead of yuzu horse radish aioli. We also ordered Truffle Parmesan Fries which was interesting and creative. It was our first time, and this place has a big menu, so I'm definitely coming back.
I'm in love with bread they serve here... or should I say cinnamon butter they serve with bread? Either way, it's free, and I'm pretty addicted to it.  I always order chopped salad here. It's so light but fulfilling. I believe they used to serve Tomato Soup here but the last time I checked, they didn't have it :( Should I try lobster bisque?
No wait time, I was in and out in 10 minutes. Price is reasonable as well, I paid $15 for standard 10 prints card. Staff was very polite and knowledgeable. I also appreciated her gentle touch when she rolled my fingers. Ample parking & super close to UNLV. I'll be back when I'm done with my nursing school.
Had falafel and chicken pitas here, and both were fantastic. If you love cucumber, you will LOVE the refreshing taste of the sauce - I am not a big fan of cucumber, but I still enjoyed it. It's perfect for hot summer lunch/dinner. The meat/falafel were well seasoned. Nothing was burned, nothing was too salty. They do sell alcohols (beers and wines). Its located near the yard house. Across from the street, there's a burger shop and parking lot. We used to drive all the way to green valley ranch for a good falafel, so we were happy to have found this place. The service was above average, restaurant cleanness is impeccable(well, it's bland new), and we will definitely return to try more. We wish this place survives at town square for a long time.
Mama here is so classy and nice - Thanks to the fellow yelpers, I am hooked on sweet potato latte - I liked it better than pumpkin. The texture is thick and creamy, almost like soup... Portion is huge so 2 people can share a cup. Bring your best friends here and stay warm this winter :)
If I do not have to think about the consequences, I'd come and eat shrimp rice omelette @ Wendy's everyday - it's that addictive. Fun & casual asian comfort food joint. I'm glad I live nearby!
Brand new joint on spring mountain... Absolutely love it!! Tried sea urchin tomato cream pasta & miso carbonara and both were to die for. OK, I guess it's a bit pricey for pasta, but I can't think of anywhere else to eat this kind of food in this town, so I am not complaining... besides, portion is fairly large. Server is attentive, chefs are friendly. Will definitely repeat until i conquer every items on the menu - great alternatives when Ichiza or Monta is just too busy to seat you immediately. No signs outside yet... it's on the same mall as Monta & Raku. Give it a try!
This place will make you feel like a model waiting to walk the runway. Absolutely loved my time with Princess, she is warm, friendly, highly skilled and gentle. The price is very reasonable and it's open until midnight on weekends. My hair smells fantastic and looks awesome. Will definitely repeat !
Four stars only because I don't know about the other hair stylists/nail service. This is a very reasonably priced salon. Nothing fancy... But I think do their best to keep their stations, children friendly, and they will take care of you even when you pop up with no appointment. I have been coming to this place for about a year, and I think most stylists do the job above average. My favorite is Travis, hands down. He always checks with me to ensure the job is done right. He is super meticulous too. I will return to this salon as long as he stays here.
We came here after other provider turned us down. The service was super quick, staffs went above and beyond to serve us, even got our windshield fixed. Thank you guys, well earned 5 stars.
This kinda tapas place is called Izakaya in Japan and I'm very pleased that ichiza is here in las vegas so that I can visit there whenever I feel homesick. Unlike some "Japanese Restaurant" or "Sushi Restaurant", which are owned by non Japanese people who doesn't know/care much about real Japanese cuisine, this place is very authentic and genuine. Food here is so creative, delicious, affordable, fresh and beautiful to look at as well. I hope this place stays open forever!!!
I love everything about this place. I initially made an appointment to have an annual check up/cleaning. They sent an automated text to remind me of the appointment. Office manager Tori greeted me with a big smile. I forgot to bring my dental insurance card, but she verified everything over the phone for me. Assistant Tiana was knowledgeable and super friendly. Dr. Lee was compassionate and skilled. They found a cavity and I was able to receive the procedure almost immediately. Dr. Lee did such a great job, I felt no pain or discomfort (almost dosed off during the procedure). I'm glad that I found them. I can't wait to come back, and I will recommend the team to anyone.
I went in with no appointment and I got out within 15 minutes. The facility is super clean, staffs are friendly and the tech I had was very skilled. I have small veins that rolls and it is extremely hard to get blood sample out of me (especially when I fast for 8 hours). I was sent to quest because the facility I visited earlier failed to get a sample. This lady from hawaii was confident and she made it first try. It happened so quick, I didn't even feel the discomfort or pain. I will come back and ask for her if I have to do this again !
Ahhhh poached pear and blue cheese was something to die for. Thank you, kiichi san, we enjoed your omelette rice, mushroom pasta, tiramisu and japanese standard service! Home away from home! We will definitely come back - this time, in hurry!
whoever does not like this place is crazy. The best dim sum in town.
Great Ambience, Decent Service, Overpriced Fake Italian Food.
I wasn't very impressed with the particular customer service we have received today - I don't know if he was tired, sick, simply had a bad day, or just naturally condescending... but his head was elsewhere. He saw us came in, and he didn't even care to let us know that the car was good to go. This is why I give 3 stars instead of 5. Other than that, he sold us 2 tires for 200 bucks, he was not pushy at all, and that's basically ALL we expect from tire places like this. Firestone staff was super nice but he told us that we needed to buy ALL four tires for $630 (unsure of the service was included). I would much rather want to deal with unfriendly discount tire employees and keep the extra bucks in my pocket.
It's always crowded, it is located at not-so-savory neighborhood (right next to stratosphere), and finding a parking spot could be challenging sometimes. But I'm very grateful that I get most of my medications for free here. Culinary Health Fund Rocks!!!!! The staffs are friendly and confident. I usually come in to drop off the prescription the day before so that I don't have to deal with long waiting time. If you absolutely have to wait, just drive to Luv-It Frozen Custard to get a cup of amazing ice cream & come back, or get married to some strangers at nearby chapel.
My husband had years and years of acne problem. Some said it's because of his diet, some said it's because of his work environment. Well, we finally visited LV dermatologist, and the Dr. Prescribed four medications for him. My husband became acne-free immediately without changing any of his habits, and I am just so happy to see him being happy with his own skin. Two receptionist ladies are professional, yet super friendly. Dr. took his time for consultations, which was more than informative. (He looks like a rock star, probably the coolest Dr. I've ever encountered). I do not recall anyone being "pushy" or "persuasive". The office is located at the corner of the fourth floor @ summerlin hospital: very clean, quiet, and cozy. Don't forget to enjoy the view, it's spectacular. I would recommend this place to anyone, as a matter of fact, I am scheduling MY appointment soon. Ask about Friday Special, hint hint :)
Was here on the grand opening night and it was fantastic! A toast & cheer on your grand official opening. Congratulations & best wishes.
Finally the nail salon i can come back!! Clean and spacious salon, painless procedure (whew! ) and great selections of opi. Thank you, Christina.
I only get to exchange 200 USD to Mexican Pesos. I guess I should have called ahead of the time. The wait time was less than a minute and the lady at the front was so nice and took her time to explain the system. According to her, Mexican Peso is the hardest one to keep. Just a little FYI.
Clean but definitely overpriced. Fixed two broken nails and changed my polish... Was charged 14, when i gave her 20, she didnt even offer to bring me the change... And she kept the whole 20. I would have tipped 20% but not 6 dollars. It turns me off so much, i dont see myself coming back here anymore. Salon stuffs were nice to caucasian customers while they were kinda blunt and rude to me. Yuck.
I was not impressed with the hotel itself... It smelled funny, parking lot elevator was slow and old... I guess not much has changed since sahara. Definitely not as fancy as SLS @ Los Angeles. We weren't prepared for Jose Andreas' restaurant (financially, lol shame on us) So instead, we explored the casino, and Cleo seemed like our next best option. We decided to walk in, and a friendly hostess seated us immediately. It was around 8pm on Friday night, and the restaurant was approx. 90percent full. I saw a lot of couples, and one bachelorette party group of 10. Sexy exotic ambience with gorgeous chandelier, fire place, and open kitchen in the middle of the floor. We immediately order Hummus and Tahini, because a couple next to us was killing it. (Another couple who saw us eating it ended up ordering the same thing too) A hot and fluffy artisan bread came w/ dip and it was heavenly. I was pretty full off the bread and dip, but we went ahead and ordered some more: garlic shrimp, squid and rice, and one sausage I can't remember the name (lamb). All were uniquely flavored, and reasonably priced. We will definitely come back for more. Hopefully we get to be seated by the kitchen next time :)
After reading several bad reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a chance anyways and I was pleasantly surprised. Still overpriced and not so excellent service, but server was not rude and food tasted great.
I wanna give 4 stars to this cozy restaurant. I think people are a little harsh ? Have you tried their karaage with curry powder or katsudon ? I'm from Japan and they taste pretty authentic. I love this place. If you never been to this place, give it a chance. If you haven't been here in a while, give this place another chance. When I come here, I rarely order ramen. I recommend other items on the menu. Now they serve poke-bowl, LA style. A lot of things have improved. The servers are friendly and polite. I will definitely repeat.
AYCE Reasonably priced - stylish ambience and decent service... Huge selection of rolls and side menus so if you like non traditional Japanese sushi/food, by all means, go and stuff your face! I went there for traditional nigiri, so it was disappointing because of the selection and quality. I know they would charge me for not eating what I ordered, so I literally had to shove the last piece of mackerel: it smelled so fishy, I almost puked.
Davio is god... Too bad my hair is long and i no longer need extensions... But i will recommend him to anyone. Very affordable price and perfect finish. Let him work his magic on you!
This is my fifth visit since I first discovered this place, and I decided to rewrite the review and give them five stars. I come here strictly for their snow fluff, condensed milk, and boba in top !! (Boba usually comes with Thai tea/milk tea snow fluffs, but you can ask them to add it to your snow fluff at minimal cost). I don't know about other items but you are missing out if you don't try their snow fluffs !
Whoever doesn't like this lab is a hater :) Ive been here several times. The longest I've spent on the waiting room (cozy and clean) was around 20 minutes; the last two times I walked in and got served almost immediately. Staffs are always nice and informative. Clinicians take time to explain the procedures, using words that you can actually understand (no medical jargons). I felt very comfortable and I will use this lab again in the future :)
I don't think this is owned by Japanese people... food was o.k. nothing outstanding, but nothing bad either. I'm from Japan, so I guess I'm a little bit spoiled when it comes to Shabu Shabu. It's delightful to have Shabu Shabu place here in Las Vegas though.
OK, so this is not PF Chang so don't expect American standard customer service... This is a REAL Chinese joint where servers speak very little English, but food is also REAL Chinese/authentic, not panda-express kinda BS, so who cares if those old ladies were a bit rude. What did we have over there... Shark fin dumplings were definitely the hit. Chinese Broccoli, Ha Gow, Siu Mai, Shrimp Balls, Sticky Rice, and Congee. Probably the best in Vegas, it's open all day so I will definitely repeat.
I go to UNLV, so one star is automatically added. It's a small arena, so even if you buy the cheapest seat, you can still enjoy the full view. Arena was kept clean including bathroom areas, and ushers were well trained and courteous. Food/beverage aspect: nothing spectacular... Overpriced junk food such as nachos, chicken fingers, hot dogs, dippin dots, pretzels, etc... made by people who doesn't necessarily practice food sanitation correctly. They didn't give us receipts and forgot our order, some people got wrong items... so make sure you ask for receipts.
They send you a text message a day before to inform you that they are delivering. I was finally able to ditch my bottled water because nothing tastes quite as refreshing as Tahoe spring water. I usually fear any sort of contract but it cost us almost nothing to start up (dispenser came with it). One bottle is 5 bucks, it's the same price & volume as aquafina value pack we used to purchase at SAMs club. Our guy even carries the bottle inside of the house whenever my husband is not around to do the job. Refer a customer and they will give you a month credit.
Kinda odd place to dine since I'm a local here with no habit of gambling, and I have no business coming to LV down town... but wow, I have to say, this is the place you can come to get the great lunch/dinner for affordable price! I had a bowl of tomato soup and I splitted goat cheese chicken pizza. Bill was no more than $25 I believe... and I felt like I was at spago! Soup was simple and perfect, not too acidic and basil played nice side kick to it. Pizza had so much flavor, I rubbed my tongue many times just to taste everything in my mouth. Very satisfying. My friend ordered a plate of lasagne and it was also out of this world too. Great ambience, not too crowded, and it stays open at weird time (like 3pm where everywhere else closes down). Highly recommended!!
It's around the corner from our house, and the outside is pretty plain. So we were skeptical at first... until we opened the door. Inside was small, 2 separated dining area, christmas songs were playing back to back on the radio, and it looked cozy. Friendly hostesses and waiters welcomed us, and brought us the menu of the day. It seems like the menu changes daily? We ordered Cioppino which was soup of the day, fried calamari, fish (I forgot what it was, it was dish of the day), and short ribs. We loved the way chef uses his spices and herbs... Every dish was truly UNIQUE, delicious, plenty to share, and reasonably priced. We'd definitely repeat.
I don't know... I have mixed feelings about this place. I liked the service - no wait time, clean store, and not so talkative staff. But my gel pedicure ($50) came off after a day. I don't know what to blame. Maybe it's the pool party, or my fragile toe nails, but it was disappointing. I may give this place another chance though.
They make their own ice cream. Boba flavor/texture is perfect (sweet and chewy), and I'm pleased with exotic flavors such as ginger, sesame, taro, red bean, etc. The price start from 3 bucks/a scoop of ice cream, and they have frequent customer rewards (buy 9 drinks, 10th one on the house). I certainly wish this business to do well. Open til 2am, and they do deliver.
I didn't know it's been open since September ! Loved everything we are there, will come back ;)  what we liked: Gorgeous Sashimi Moriawase, Sesame Tofu with Sea Urchin on top, "Better than beef" Tuna Tartar, Endless Green Tea (hot and cold), Clean bathroom and Great Service ! Lunch time Omakase is 60
I've tried many buffets in this city but this one is my favorite. I think we waited in line for about 30+minutes, but it was all worth it. I'd definitely come back.
I have tried several places in town until I finally found this place, and I don't think I would be going elsewhere. I have extremely small nails and it must be a major pain in the butt to do them all, but those girls do it just fine without complaining. It's past their business hours (Sunday 6:05pm) but my technician is still working hard to perfect my toes. I feel blessed to have found this place, and I recommend this place to anyone I know. 37 bucks to get an hour long pedicure accompanied with twenty min massage... and this one lasts for good four weeks. Thank you TiNA !
I was initially with another dr. Who sold her office to Supersmile orthodontist a few months after I signed the contract with her. At first, I was confused, but eventually I came to realize that I was actually in the better hand. Communication is clear, his bedside manner is excellent, assistants (Terry, especially) are also skilled, and super friendly. The discomfort during the examinations is minimal because he always uses the latest technique/machines. You can tell how much he loves his little patients once you step inside of Dr. Chamberlain's office. All the toys, games, cookies, movies... Although wait time here is pretty short, I'm sure kids just love hanging around at his waiting room. Dr. even uses grape/bubble gum flavored gloves to make the orthodontist visits fun and exciting. I recommend Dr. Chamberlain to anyone, especially to those with children.
I don't know much about cars, so I usually get 2nd or 3rd opinions elsewhere before I decide whom I go to get my car repaired. This place happened to be the first, and they quoted me something that was waaaay out of my budget. I went to the second place and they told me something totally different. Long story short, I went with second place. Besides, I wasn't too comfortable with their sales tactics. Like I said, I'm not even a novice when it comes to cars, so I don't really know if they were telling me the truth or not, but if I were you, I would dust off the lie detector and bring that with me.
I loved organic mangos and papayas from here... Everything is affordable and fresh, and stuff are kind and helpful. I live in Henderson, so it's not the closest, but I'll definitely come back.
Nope, not buying it... Non japanese sushi joint with large screen tv playing hip hop music video... Why???? Nice interior though. I usually don't like to give negative reviews... but this wasn't my place (sorry).
I've got tired of driving to Costco so I switched to Sams. I thought the gas price itself was good enough to get a membership here. So far, we bought a trashcan, some clothing, paper towels, go-pro camera, yoga towels, plastic cups, cat food, and seasonal fruits. We are happy with the quality and price of most of the items here. I think Sams is slightly cheaper than Costco, but you have less choices. If you frequently purchase Costco brand food, stick with Costco. I don't, so I'm ok with Sams.
3 of us came here on halloween night. I personally enjoyed the live music, it was exotic, mellow and not too loud. As soon as we opened the door, we were greeted by this lady who was nicely dressed in traditional thai clothing. Inside was clean and welcoming. I recall we were the only customers there that time, but oh well, it was sunday, this restaurant is located in Henderson and everyone in Vegas must have been busy partying @ the strip that night.    When I sat down, I wasn't so hungry, so I was going to only eat papaya salad, but I changed my mind when I look the menu because I found the whole fried red snapper, and I couldn't resist it. (Who can? especially when you're from Asia) Usually, whole fried fish would cost min $50 if you are to order it at those chinese restaurants on the strip, but here, it was reasonably priced and I paid only $20. Ha! The fish was perfectly cooked, inside was steamy and didn't stink at all (it happens sometimes when you don't prepare it well). The meat was firm, and outside was crispy, crunchy, and drenched in spicy tangy sauce. It was not oily though. I ate tails and small bones too... I asked her to prepare it pretty spicy, and they did it just the way I liked it.   I also ordered Papaya salad which was like $9.00 and it wasn't a disappointment, but I've had something better for this price before. As for duck curry, meat was very tender and surprisingly not too oily. It was kinda sweet because of the pineapples they put in. This one was $13 and it's worth the repeat.   Next time, I'd like to try couple different soup :)
Very X-rated experience! LOL Loved chatting with the owner, Tsutomu-San. He's not only talented and friendly chef, but he's funny and sexy. Go there yourself and find out :) Never tried sushi here, only Teppan Yaki, spent about $40/person, left full and satisfied mentally and physically. Been a while since I visited here, I think I should return soon.
I received a nice foot massage for 15 min after perfect pedicure. I have no complaint !! Ask for Terry - she's a sweetheart, you will love her attention to detail :)
Thanks yelpers for recommending this place - first time here and we are very happy that we trusted the reviewers. I can't wait to go back there to try cold noodle, locomoco and other things on the menu.BTW, this place has the best kimchee ever. Thanks Russel for taking care of us - we felt like we are your families instead of customers. We love your food & great service.
Best Bread Ever!! I just finished eating white chocolate bread from Bon Breads (I got it @ henderson farmers market on sundays) and it is to die for! Don't buy it if you need to watch your figure, because I'm sure all that sweet and sticky things are nothing but simple carb... but it's definitely worth it. I think they supply this at Carmel Room @ JW Mariott, I remember 3 years ago, I had a dinner there and I encountered this unforgettable bread. Well, now I know where to get it without spending $$$ !!
This place is the amazing. Always packed for a reason! Make sure to order "the shit".
The service at Consiglio's was outstanding. Recently bought a beautiful stainless steel pot for pasta dinner nights! Will definitely pass by again and get more items!
Must go!!! The food, service, and price is Great!!! When ever I got to Vegas again, it's a must to come back to this place!!!
This place is just amazing!  My boyfriend has been coming here for years and decided to share his secret wing place with me. I have never had better wings from anywhere and the moment you squeeze into this little bar you feel right at home!
I've been going to Eisela for years to do my color. I always leave feeling beautiful and I get the nicest compliments on my hair.  Eisela is patient and truly wants her clients to be happy. I look forward to every appointment and have brought my daughter, mother, and mother-in-law to Eisela because I trust her and know she always lives up to expectations.
I'm from Texas on business in Phoenix. I had the grilled fish tacos they were delicious. Fresh with good flavor. I would recommend them to others. They even have a salsa bar. The only thing is their POS system is outdated, it would help to have a better description on receipts for expense purposes.
Yes they have so much stuff, and all that stuff is overpriced.  They need some sort of discount program where for every $150 you spend there you get $10 off of a purchase.  Maybe they already have something like this (I doubt it), but I'm not going to set foot in that place again til I have to.  The owner is rude at times also.  I returned a large piece of matboard like material with the receipt about 1 week after I originally purchased it.  I didn't even take it out of the plastic bag or my SUV after I bought it.  It was untouched and unused.  It was a $20 purchase, and she wouldn't let me return it because the corner of the material, perhaps 1/4" x 1/4" area in size, was bent a bit.  This piece had been sitting unused in the back of my SUV the whole time.  It didn't slide around as I was driving, I was careful while placing it in my SUV.  Regardless, she wouldn't accept the return, even though it was still in the original, immaculate condition. I guarantee it was in this condition when it was originally purchased.  Folks, check the condition of the stuff you buy before you leave the store, so that if you  may need to return, you'll be able to do so.
This place was recommended by someone at work so I thought for sure it would be good, but I wasn't all that impressed. The atmosphere and decor is just trying way too hard to be retro and hipster. Im pretty sure you have to have an arm sleeve or at least 4 visible tattoos and 2 facial piercings to work there, but the service was over all pretty good. Drinks were refilled very quickly and the food was brought out promptly. Although, my boyfriend and I came in on an early sunday afternoon and were sat next to a huge group of loud women getting drunk which seemed like a poor choice considering the place wasn't half full. Even the way too loud music couldnt drown out the ladies having a good ol time. The food itself was good, just not anything more than that. We got the tuna for an app and it tasted like it wasn't very good quality. The enchilada wasn't that impressive either. Not sure if we will give this place a second chance, despite hearing good things about it from coworkers.
This is based solely on the horrendous customer service we have received on 3 separate occasions from one waiter. We love everything else about the place and will most likely continue to eat there- we will just request to not sit in his section.  On our last visit, the pompous waiter with the blonde pony tail first approached our table by saying "what do you want to drink" in a way that made us feel like we were inconveniencing him. He was several feet from our table and facing sideways. I asked for a Dr. Pepper and he rudely replied we don't have that and then I had to ask what they do have. He simply replied Pepsi and then I again had to ask what that included. He sighed and looked at me like I was a moron for not knowing.  My boyfriend has worked in the food industry for several years and it takes a LOT to upset him at a restaurant. But he immediately went to the hostess and asked to be placed in a different section.  The hostess was very professional and immediately sat us elsewhere with no questions asked. It made me think this has happened before. After a few minutes the rude waiter approached our table and with attitude asked if he did something wrong. I told him it was his tone, body language, facial expressions and over all attitude. I told him he has been this way several times with us. He tried to argue and I told him I didn't need to have this conversation. He smugly said sorry and walked away.  I have also seen him yell at the women who work there several times. I can't believe this man still has a job. If you can't be nice to people then why would you try to work in customer service. This prick is cherry blossoms biggest and only downfall if you ask me.
I am very impressed!!!!! One of my dogs has recently become very sick needing several exams and medications. Dr. Ainsworth has been extremely thorough, caring, sincere, knowledgable and personable. He truly makes you feel like he is treating your pet as if it were his own. We eventually had to go see a different office for radiologic services, but Dr. Ainsworth made sure to stay updated on Max by calling the other vet and myself to check on him and remain involved in his care. He even went above and beyond by calling around to compare prices of meds to make sure we were getting the best deal.  The entire staff from the receptionists to the techs are also great!!!
Grimy. I feel like the mani/pedis should come with a complimentary shot of penicillin. I only stopped in because all my go to spots were booked and my nails were in serious need. Serious.  However- for the price, it was not horrible. The gentleman who did my mani/pedi was very pleasant, thorough, and my nails turned out really nice! I did notice a couple of the other ladies being rude and impatient with their customers- one even scolded a woman for messing up her toes after she was done painting them. She said she didn't have time to fix it....there were only three of us in the joint.  Not sure I would ever go back, even if I could get that nice little man again.
Probably the best customer service I've ever had in Phoenix. The sushi was great too, loved everything we tried!!!!!
Super cute family owned place with lots of character and nostalgia. Best chips and salsa I've had since I've been in Phoenix. I just got a couple tacos and they were very good! Customer service was great too. I will definitely be going back sometime to take advantage of the $1.75 margaritas all day every day!!
By far one of the most horrible places I have ever lived! I am a traveling RN and the original appeal to Capri was the inexpensive short term lease options and small security deposits. The location of the apt and the pool area are also very nice. Walking distance to some neat places and safe neighborhood. That sums up the positives.  There are a few staff members in the leasing office that are very rude. Not to mention their unprofessionalism but they are constantly out on the open patios smoking through out the day. If you call and no one answers, it is most likely because Patty and Selma are on a smoke break.  We called about simple maintenance issues (backed up drain, AC not working well, exhaust fan problems, etc) and the little maintenance man simply said they were fine and walked out. We fixed the drain ourselves, but the other issues never got fixed.  There is no covered parking unless you want to pay more or possibly park in the complete opposite end of your apt.  So then there were the roaches...which I get that sometimes you get bugs when you live in an apt...you cant control what your dirty neighbors are doing. Capri sends a guy to spray and I ask if its safe for my dogs and he says probably. =0 The last straw was the 9 volt battery sized roaches we saw in the hallway frequently...or maybe the things getting stolen off our ground level patio...or the rotten musty urine smell of the grounds area...or the funny guy that would pull the fire alarm at 1am on a consistent basis.  We lasted one month out of our 6 month lease. The leasing office was unwilling to work with us on subletting the apt and the fees to terminate a lease early were outrageous. However, they did agree to take off the pet fees once we explained that we weren't staying there anymore. Strangely though- no one ever asked why, which makes me think this may happen frequently? We have continued to pay the rent even though we don't live there, that's how bad it was. The only way this place would seem acceptable to me is if the rent was decreased by a few hundred/month and you didn't mind living in filth.
I absolutely love this place! Aesthetically it is very cute, clean, unique, and well lit. Every single staff member I have interacted with has been very professional and pleasant. My mani/pedi always looks great. I've been waxed there and had a good experience with that as well. The leg/foot messages are lengthy and phenomenal. I'm a nurse and work two jobs so I always love a good foot rub :) Even when I don't do gel, my manis last for over a week.  It's kind of expensive, but you get what you pay for and this place is worth it!
I love everything about this place! Waxing, haircut, pedi/mani- a great one stop shop and everything was wonderful!!!
They not only helped me figure out what I needed for my bike, but then changed out all the parts for me too. He also suggested and made an adjustment to make it more comfortable for me. I don't really know anything more than how to ride a bike at this point so I was very appreciative of their help. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes and spent way less than I thought I would!
Out of say the 5 or 6 Ultas I've been too this is one of my favorites. I would definitely go more often but it's a hike from my house. The staff is AMAZING they aren't  up your butt the entire time you are there. Totally worth a trip in!
Tie that bib tightly because if it slips off, the mess on your gloves won't help you fix the problem. Cut my thumb on a snow crab leg but both those and the shrimp were a good feed. The Sapporo was good and cold and the service was attentive.
I believe that a restaurant experience should connect to the price. At Richmond Station it did. Every bite from the chilled oysters to the amazing beet salad and the smoked trout bourguignon was a taste sensation. It was a bit hard to find, signage being minimal but don't give up. Also handy that you can reserve online with a real-time system. Six days ahead I had to choose between 5:15 and 8:30.
Yesterday's visit to The Rectory Cafe ushered in my tenth year of love for this treasure. The ferry ride alone makes for a special summer day but that's just the beginning. Take your time. Sip a cold draft or a glass of wine, order a starter. If you're alone it's okay to read but remember where you are - under tall trees with Lake Ontario in your front yard. My main yesterday was a pulled pork taco from the specials menu. Spicy,saucy and warm with chilled rails of jicama atop a slender soft taco, times three! Just go.
I was unable to get a same-day appointment from the vet of my choice when I knew my 18-year old little girl cat's time had come. Their office gave me the number of this clinic and I was told I could drop in. It was my only day off in weeks and no others were in sight so it had to be done. The vet examined her and when I turned down the offer of blood tests and a cardiologist he agreed to euthanize her. He took her away for a first shot and returned her to allow me time to say goodbye. I left the exam room for the counter where my bill was presented. It was for $470. I questioned the amount, having been quoted less than $200 by my clinic of choice. I was told that only the "doctor" could amend the bill and did I wish to speak to him? I did. After ten minutes or so I was directed into an exam room, where I found my cat alert and the "doctor" next to her with a hypodermic needle in his hand. I am absolutely convinced that this was my punishment for questioning the charge - which incidentally included $100 for a five-minute exam ($9600 per eight hour day) and $80 to insert a catheter. He told me, when I raised the quote I had received, that he worked multiple clinics and his charge was pretty standard, and that what I was quoted was clearly only a part of what I would have been charged. I don't wish to invite a law suit so I'll leave the story here.
These guys are awesome it's hard to find great customer service in this town not to mention awesome work! Did a great job on my wife's classic Monte Carlo SS bodywork & buffed out the plastic headlight covers it looks like new again. I was so impressed I had them fix the bumper on my Xterra, remove & replace a window decal & remnants of an old one. Gave me an amazing deal. Thank you Mike I would highly recommend this place & we will be back!!!
I've been a client since 1992 & they've always been amazing to our animals. The friendly, professional staff & doctors are the reason I would never go anywhere else. With the range of specialists I never have to. My wife is a Veterinarian Technician with 14 years experience & she absolutely agrees.
My boyfriend and I love this place!   We had Chicha Morada (sweet purple corn drink), papa la huancaina (boiled potatoes covered in creamy and spicy  huancaina sauce) , seco (delicious beef and cilantro stew with rice) and lomo saltado (sauteed strip of sirloin, tomatoes, onions, fries and rice).   I've grown up eating Peruvian food and think this place serves as a great substitution for the real deal (parents and grandma don't live here!) We usually get good service and the food has been consistently good. Honestly, I'm happy to see the improvements from the new owners and look forward to try the food when the new chef starts... exciting because we've already tried the new chef's food from an over-priced restaurant in San Diego and sad because we'll be going back home soon.  This place is definitely worth a try because you get a great meal at an affordable price.
This is my second visit. The nursing staff have been very professional and super friendly. Their transfer techniques are awesome. They picked up problems I had very quickly and solved them extremely quickly.  The building is well equipped,clean and well designed. The therapists PT'S and OT'S are amazing very knowledgeable and enthusiastic. I Cannot speak highly enough of them. I would wholly recommend this facility to anyone requiring rehab!
Not alot of food selection when i go especially during breakfast hours. Very pricey and such a shame the food is a 0
Ive always enjoyed comming here even as being an "adult" the entire l hotel has such a great atmosphere to be in. Ive stayed in every tower except for the manor section but other than that i always have a great time specially in the adventuredome not only do i get all day pass i become a child again plus it closes at 12 so if i wanna take a break i go up to my suite and go back whenever i want also the delievery to the rooms is amazing!!! So much in this casino makes me not want to leave plus the free shows . Thank you Circus Circus for always making my stay in vegas great!
After a couple of years hiatus I decided to give Fresh another try.  I have never loved their treatment of food - I find it bland.  I wasn't disappointed - or rather I wasn't surprised.  It was pretty awful.  Terrible service.  A modest amount of veggies on a HUGE clump of soggy, cool, sticky  (bad) soba - way too much to stuff down.  My cat could cook better.  Couldn't get the waiter's attention though she had maybe 5 minutes to chat with a table nearby.  Give it a pass.  Maybe they'll wake up.  They need to respect the diners.  Oh yeah.  They charge a lot for such pathetic offerings.
I had a great time last night - Karaoke night.  I've been to a few places in the west end and this is the best so far.  Mics are right by the door which isn't great - there's a trip hazard with all the cabling.  And I echo S Ls complaint about the DJ(s) taking way too many singing turns - literally 3 or 4 turns each for 3 DJs.  Excessive.  Draft selection was skimpy - one pale ale (good) one vanilla porter (weird) and nothing else (?). Song list wasn't very deep but then I'm a geezer and I like the old stuff. Oh yeah, if you want to read the song list bring a mini flashlight - dark as a tomb in there.  Very hipster but a very nice friendly vibe - which isn't as common as one might like in Toronto.
Just had a sweet & sour chicken combo dinner and I regret ordering it so much. The rice taste like plastic... I am not exaggerating a bit. It lacked so much flavor. The chicken was incredibly chewy and tasted like old grease. I'm not expecting gourmet but the food was horrible. I now have tried every Chinese spot in Lakewood and have come to the conclusion if I want decent Chinese food I need to look outside of Lakewood. Sucks but I will never order from here or any Lakewood Chinese restaurant again.
Food was pretty good. I had a ground chicken burger with there battered onion rings which were great. My gf had the e&e burger... This burger was pretty darn tasty. The kitchen seemed kind of slow... But other than that I was pretty impressed with just about everything else.
Awesome location, building, amenities and idea. But the service is very bad... Seems like they have never worked in the industry. Everyone seems so scattered brained and lost. Had a reservation at 8:15 did not get seated until almost 9pm. 20 min for drinks, then another 20 min to take our order. Food was very bad compared to most regular old bars. They need to keep it simple. Take notes from Hooples across the river who does simple good bar food... I really hope the Metro Parks figure this out because the place could be a real awesome place. But Right now Ill only be back for the location every once in a while.
I've had this place two times now... Just doesn't do it for me. Their wings were not very good either. Everything just lacked flavor. I won't be ordering from here anymore. I honestly would prefer geppetos.
Cool place. A bit expensive when compared to the other popular Cleveland taco spot that starts with a B. But you just need to be mindful that they're different tacos in comparison. Tacos here are on the smaller end on homemade tortillas and fresh simple ingredients. We sampled a few tacos and got some guacamole that was delicious. It's on the chunkier side. Also had to pay for chips and salsa just an FYI... salsas were good though. Margaritas were a 4/5. In conclusion Bakersfield has Good food but is a bit expensive for a taco joint.
The best vanilla latte I have ever had! The coffee can be a bit different at times and depending on the night your in here it can be a little overwhelming with the live band or open mic. I wish it was more chill... But for coffee shops in the area I think it's great! The people that work there are usually always really nice and helpful.   The food is actually pretty good! I usually stray away from "vegan this and vegan that" but I manned up have tried multiple things here and have loved just about everything. My favorite is the cheddar bake sandwich! I gotta be honest when I eat here I feel healthier... Its most likely all in my head but who cares! :)
I've only had their Moca and it was gross! I'm moving around the corner and will update this next time I try something. But other than the horrible Moca the place has a cool coffee shop vibe and great customer service.
