Regular cable, nothing special. It's long enough (sorry, i didn't measure) to have my laptop on my desk and have the phone plugged in and on my bed a couple feet away.
Sturdier and longer that OEM, I will order extras.  They could do better on the price for a higher rating.
This cable is perfect.It does it all, is durable, thin, and long, all while being amazingly cheap.I ordered several of these for all the devices I own.
How hard is it to make a charging cable? I bought two of these for my Galaxy Nexus and my Nexus 7, they don't work. I tried them in a car charger and in an AC charger (both of which work extremely well with other cables). In the car charger I got nothing, in the AC charger one would work at AC if you wiggled it enough, if not it did nothing. The other worked as USB instead of as AC. I got the same results with both the Galaxy Nexus and the Nexus 7. Absolute junk, stay away.
The cable works fine, but I have to issues.1.  The cable was not 3ft as stated in the product description.  It is probably only about 2ft.2.  I can only use the cable by plugging it into a computer USB port.  When I plug it into my wall adapter that came with my Samsung Showcase phone, it freezer up my buttons.  It does charge during this time, but basically can't use my phone.  It can still receive calls and what not, but I just can unlock my screen or anything if I wanted to skip a song or something.
Item is exactly as described and pictured. It works great with my Samsung Vibrant.  I've used it as a data cable to the computer as well as a simple charging cable.  Works great.
Great deal and exactly what I was looking for when selling my Nexus S phone but wanted to sell it with the original power cable.
Its identical to the one that came with my phone. Works just like it should. I take this one with me when i travel and it has yet to break after months of abuse.
I purchased a few of these to keep at different locations. Now I have a charger at my work desk, in my laptop bag, and at my home. I use to always have to pack up the (1) charger that came with the phone, but these are so inexpensive it was well worth it to keep (1) at each location i tend to need a charge.
I bought this just to have a spare around the house and have no complaints regarding it.  Nothing really makes the cord &#34;special&#34; but as a USB cable that hasn't broken after all this time, I'm pleased with it months later.
What can I say really, its a USB Cable. No defects of any kind and it worked perfectly. Just what I needed for very little cost.
Came much shorter than I expected but it still did the job. Just don't expect this to stretch very far
ORDER THIS ITEM IT DIDN'T TAKE LONG TO COME, ONLY THING IS WRONG IS THAT THEY ARE NOT THAT LONG I WOULD SAY ABOUT 3FT BUT IT WILL DO FOR CHARGING CELL PHONE IN THE CAR.SO ITS WORTH THE PRICE WHEN IT COMES TO THE LENGHT..
Works great, and the plastic on the uUSB is cut back far enough so that you can plug it securely into a phone with a TPU case on it... while generally I charge my Nexus 4 and Nexus 5 wirelessly, it's nice to have a couple of these around for USB connections, charging from a computer, or debugging (if you're a developer).
my main reason for buying this was the length, price & you can never have too many of these around.
Works well. Had some trouble with it charging my phone initially because it was too loose, but propping it up on something helped. Not sure if its my phone or the charger.
this cord is great to have around as a back-up. does what it is supposed to. but it is just the cord, so it's good to keep with your pc/laptop.
The charging function, as well as the data transfer function both work very well. Also, it fits into my AT&T car charger and is long enough for that to matter.
charges my samsung facinate just fine. my original cord broke and needed a replacement. its not exactly like the factory one just looks like it. shorter than i expected. and when connected to the comp it doesnt activate the mass storage option on the phone. but still works as a charging cable so im happy.
I bought two of these cables for use in the car so my wife and I can charge both our phones at the same time. These cables are doing exactly what I wanted. No problems or complaints, and at less than two dollars apiece with free shipping you can't go wrong.
I sent for charging cords from three different places hoping that one would work for my Samsung SII phone.  This one did not charge at all.  The one I ordered from Wireless Hub, Brooklyn, NY worked immediately.
I've purchased several of these and they've worked perfectly. It has been nice having extra charging cords wherever I'd like to have them (home, office, car, etc) so I don't have to carry them around. These have worked perfectly and the price is great!
Says its arrived but, I have not got it yet, I will update this once it comes in and I can use it on my phone.
I was expecting the cord in the picture. Instead it was a generic Micro USB cord. I was surprised but it works and does everything i need to do and for the price you cant beat it.
Having moved over to a Samsung Galaxy Nexus from an iPhone, I needed to build up my collection of cables again. This appears to be a Samsung micro USB cable (mine was labeled as a U2 cable), and as such, it seems to work fine for my Samsung Galaxy Nexus. The cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone, but it works.
This cable, &#34;Samsung Replacement USB Data Charging Cable for Samsung SPH-M330&#34; is good and strong. My issue is that it is to stiff or rigid.
Works perfectly with my Verizon Galaxy Nexus. Syncs data perfectly. Charges perfectly as AC with the Samsung wall charger that came with the phone and in my truck perfectly as AC with my Griffin Powerjolt Dual Universal USB Micro.Great price and super fast shipping. Perfectly perfect. :)
I purchased this to work with my waterproof case. its the first replacement cord that works with it....im very sastified with this product
As long as you can deal with some shipping time than this is what you need, It does the job and is dirt cheap.
worked pretty good for a while until recently few weeks ago kept getting more loose when plugged into phone then just wouldn't charge anymore after some significant jiggling around.  oh well, not bad for a $2.50 purchase.  the other imitation i bought with the more straight ahead plug not the slanted to the side like this one actually fit better and still charging strong!
Got a new phone and dont use these any more. they worked fine when I was using them. get 'em if you need 'em/
My wife love it because when she need to charge her phone while traveling she can use the space cord and  it really works. Also you cannot beat the price !!!Thanksbigwill360
I bought this Samsung Replacement USB Data Charging Cable for Samsung SPH-M330 for my phone and it was a great buy
Stopped working after just a few week. You get what you pay for. At least I am only out a few dollars.
The picture for on this product listing is innacurate as I did not get a Samsung replacement cable but a cheap generic one. Can't complain too much its only a buck and change, but this is just to let people know the picture is not what you will get.
This was a while ago , but it is good. Worth the buy. I like to have extras on hand
I purchased a few of these USB charging cables after looking a set for my Samsung Focus cell phone. Both cables are about 30" long and carried the part # APCBU10BBE. Neither cable appears to be used.The cables are not the same, however. One cable has a matt rubberized finish on the USB connectors that matches the cable while the other one has a textured plastic finish on the plugs. The rubberized cable is also about 1/2" longer and the label isn't as sharp as the other one. This cable could be made in another factory, or it may be counterfeit. Either way it works so no complaints here. For those looking for the standard 50" long cable, make sure you specify  part # ECC1DU2BBE.
nothing really crazy to say, typical micro USB to USB cables. both connectors are firm and solid. plug right in and stay in
Very well designed and top quality construction.  The cord is extra heavy to resist tangling.  Connectors are well designed to resist pinching and early failure of the cord.  Tactile grip is easy to distinguish orientation for insertion in the dark.
Works great with my Galaxy S3. Charge rate is like the original cable. No complaints. I only used it for a short time but the quality looks better than many other cables I had before. Highly recommended.
Ignore the Samsung name on this cable. It might well be a name branded cable. But it's not a particularly good cable--brand name or not. First off, it's relatively thin, similar to off-brand bargain basement cables. To be honest, this isn't a critical issue--even a thin cable can work. But it doesn't speak well to the longevity of the cable, or to the workmanship that likely went into it. (Let's face it, this is just a simple cable; but if they cheap out on cable thickness, who knows what the quality of internal construction might be).The second thing about this cable is that it's quite short--about 32" long, or a bit over 2.5 feet. That's OK for something attached to your laptop that's going to sit right next it, but it's too short to be comfortable for a general purpose phone charging cable, for example.OK, it's cheap. And I have used worse cables (even thinner). But just be aware of what this is, particularly the length, when deciding if this is going to be of use for you.
I originally bought this for something important but for the life of me, I can&#34;t remember what for. well built though . get one
I bought these two of these cables looking to replace damaged Samsung ones that I had laying around. I needed them for data cables and charging of my GS3. When I got them, much faster than I expected, I was pretty happy at first, till I used them.They aren't the style in the photo nor are they replacement cables for Samsung. They take about a minute to register with the computer that the phone is plugged in (upwards of 2 minutes), and when connected, they don't allow sync to occur.When used as chargers (plugged in to USB outlet adapters), they take over 10 hours to get a dead battery to 80%! I though it could be the charger , so tried different ones. Also tried other devices (a Mifi, my GS3, a cheap Samsung flip phone), all with similar results: Mifi - from dead to 77% after 8 hours; GS3 - 10% to 60% after 7 hours; basic flip phone: dead to 75% after 8 hours.I also tried the other cable and repeated my tests: same results.I'll keep these to keep the charge (it'll keep my GS3 at it's current level for hours, as long as it's not under heavy usage), but I'm looking for better ones after this.
IT WORKS PERFECTLY WITH MY PHONE NO PROBLEMS... NEED TO ORDER MORE... ONE FOR TRIPS,ONE FOR OFFICE CONVENIENT AND AFFORDABLE.
...It is a fraction of a fraction of what you would pay at Best Buy or a phone store!!  You can buy 100 of these, and half of them not work, and you are still ahead of buying one at Best Buy!!
Always good to have an extra USB Data Cable.  This is the only one that works with my computer and charges not only uses as a data cable.
My other cord for my phone broke, and wouldn't charge the phone, so I needed a quick replacement.  This was cheap and easy.  I have had no problems with this cord.  It has lasted longer than the one that came with the phone.
Fits pretty loose in my GN.  It's ok, but you have to make sure the cable doesn't fall out.  Most of my usb cables fit so nice that I could pick up the phone from the cable.  Certainly not the case with this cable.
you get what you pay for. looks similar to actual cable.  broke within 1 day of use. wires showing thru cable.  buy better quality cable.
I bought this cable a few months ago and it worked fine until I dropped my phone about 2 feet off my lap on to the floor while my charging cable was plugged in.It unfortunately landed on its end pinching the micro end of the cable causing it to split the plastic at the connector point causing complete failure of the cable.The plastic was very cheap and molding weak.I am going to try buying a better brand.
These do not work in my ZTE Warp or my Samsung Preval. I order (6) of them now I'm stuck with them shame on me!
still works after 2 monthsworth the $2 i bought it for.get this if u need it, good value
This cable I got for my galaxy s is amazing. It is so much longer than the original and for the amazing price how could I turn it down.
I own a Samsung Infuse and I wanted a micro USB as a back-up "charger" while I'm at the office.  I purchased this at a STEAL and the seller shipped right away!
I got two of these and they stay plugged into my Samsung Captivate better than the one that came with the phone.  THe only issue is that they are much shorter than I thought they would be.  I don't remember reading the actual length but they are only 2 feet long.  Other than that it is a cable for very cheap and it works.  Pretty simple.
Can't tell it apart from the cable my phone originally came with. It works plain and simple. I ordered 2. Leave one in the car for the charger and the other one with my hdmi adapter for my phone.
Plug fits nice and tight on my Galaxy S2 T989.It also works with my Nexus 7. although if you want this to use on your Nexus 7, it needs to be left somewhere no one can accidentally move it, as the micro usb plug is a bit shorter than the original Nexus 7 plug.Fast ship as always. Seller1on1 always beats the estimated delivery dateGood purchase.
I bought this to replace my original charging cable for my Samsung phone. This one does a great job of transferring data from my phone to my computer and vice versa.
For the price, I can't see how it can go wrong. Works right out the package. Will recommend to anyone.
Right after getting this, the plastic around the phone connector broke, exposing the wires. It still charges, but it slides out too easily. That said, I still use it. it works, just real shoddy build.
WAS VERY NICE AND OBVIOUSLY A LEGIT OEM WHICH IS ALWAYS A GOOD THING WORKED PERFECTLY BUT EVEN MORE IMPORTANT FIT PERFECTLY AND WASNT CONSTANTLY FALLING OUT WHICH CAN BE FRUSTRATING (&#60;---- THATS WHAT SHE SAID (LOL) )
This is an exact OEM replacement.  No complaints and it's durable.  Do not hesitate to buy if you need it.
this is a great cable I use is all the time however if I have to make a suggestion the cable could stand to be a bit longer
After I recieved these cords I had to go check the ad again - how could I have missed that these were super short cords?  They wouldn't sell many if they put the legnth in the headline.  So, if you need a cord that less than 3' long this might be for you. Maybe if you wanted to charge from your PC? Otherwise this cord is pretty useless.
I use it at work everyday to keep my phone charged. No issues at all here! If you need a cable, buy it!
Very happy with this cable it works as it should and charges all of my samsung devices. I have used this on just about every galaxy I've owned.
I like it because if fits on the charger and the phone.  It is easily plugged in and I do not need to fuss with the fit.
Works perfect and the cost wasn't much more than postage only.  I am a very happy customer and recomend this item without hesitation.
I needed a cable to use in my car for a Samsung Galaxy S4 phone. This &#34;Samsung Replacement USB Data Charging Cable for Samsung SPH-M330, SCH-R100,...&#34; works. It will also replace a bad cable in the house if you have the little &#34;brick&#34; that plugs into the wall.
I was kind of leery because of how cheap this was, but worked like a charm. Does exactly what the original did.
great price great cord. i bought several and leave them all around, work, home, car, truck....work just fine. can't beat the price
It works.  It is far shorter than I had hopes.  My guess is that is why they show you a partial image that doesn't give you the true picture of what they're selling.  Your usual deception.
The USB cable I was using for my Motorola Droid X was not working correctly for my S3. It would allow me to see the files but not transfer them back and forth. I received a U2 (not U9) and it is only 30" or 2.5 feet long. It allows me to see and transfer flies just fine and I transferred a 363MB file in about a minute. Cable is fine and seems to be OEM. Not a great buy at $2ish but not bad either. 4/5 stars, it's almost cheap and does what I need it to. I just wish it were another foot long.
These replacement USB cables work well but I would HIGHLY recommend getting the Amazon brand USB cables.  They are top notch.
the cable is a little short but work for me  as now i carry it around with me instead the long one. that one stays at home. Fits just like it should.
This cable does its job... I didn't put 5 stars, because I'm not in love with it.. it's a regular cable that allows you to connect to your smart phone
good product as a backup for other cables. good for charging and data transfer. always good to have some extra.
I am always looking for my cord so I bought this one at a very nice price and it works well.  I would recommend it but not sure I would use it all the time over night.
The plug has started to fail, it does not stay in place all the time, yet it will still charge, it was definityle priced right.
This is a great cord for the money. Good construction and I have had no issues. The cord length is good.
I wanted this to be able to transfer data from my phone to PC without messing around disconnecting the cable from the charger and then having to put it back.  It works just fine for that purpose and can also charge the phone from the PC, if you have a day to waste !
Works as well as original however it was shorter than I expected.The quality is good and the connects firmly.
Cable is hardly a foot long. I can't even connect it to my computer's USB ports and leave my phone on my desk it's so short. Real samsung cable is well over a meter long, almost 2 meters. This is less than 2 feet.
It works great.  No problems.  It was a great value considering how much they cost in stores.  I have no complaints.
Its just the USB cable and it works. the cable is short, so buy longer one instead if you need. The cable seems to be original samsung cable with name on it.
I only had this a few weeks before it broke! It's really hard to find a cheap quality replacement USB cable. This was NOT the one.
Cable is exactly what the description says. It is on the short side but works as it should. Worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling.
I was thinking this was the Orginal OEM U9 Cable. But its a U2 which is fine it will replace the cable I use with my computer less clutter on my desk and I`ll use the old one as my spare room charger now. Still OEM though :) Works great with my Galaxy S2
my original cord split open and i was afraid i'd get shocked. i replaced it with this one, you can never have too many charging cords.
it was not long enough and didn't it really charge my phone at times and its not durable. It is good if you just need a back up for a day
i bought two additional cables for my samsung fascinate...wish i had bought a couple more.  (the fascinate sucks down battery juice like there is no tomorrow)  for the price that i paid for these cables, they are absolutely worth their weight in gold.  some users complained that the cable is too short; i find that it is the perfect length for my car as well as when charging through my computer's usb port.  i am a minimalist when it comes to chords...i hate having extra length if i don't need it.
Great OEM charger...BUT wait, its is a data cable too, score!!!Better than expected with data capabilities. I thought I was buying a charger only.
Performs exactly like it should and the price is right. Shipped quick and affordably. Samsung has always made high quality products and this is no different.
Does exactly what its suppose to do. Works plugged into your pc or to your usb charger. Would have liked it to be longer.
Samsung Replacement USB Data Charging CableGot a half dozen of these, they're great, better than some of the OEM USB cables I've seen... great stuff!!!
It's ok for the price and length but it takes forever to charge my phone I'm use to a pretty quick charge and this is not it. It will get the job done but not in a timely manner.
Way too short of a cable to do pretty much anything. Don't understand why they can't make a 4' cable so you can at least use it while plugged in. Product works fine, just not very user friendly.
as the title says.the cable I received is about 2 ft long?I just use it to charge my captivate beside my laptop at work and a 2nd one for the USB plug in my car.Otherwise it works fine.
CHEAP! And flimsy! Not worth even the low price, waste of money. Lasted maybe a week. Not even worth returning.
This was a god send, I'm so glad I purchased this at such great price.Basically what happened was that my charger had messed up and it was attached to a usb wall adapter.So I bought this chord and it works just fine. I love the fact that it is longer than my original usb chord.Very fast shipper! Prompt Service!
Cable was delivered promptly and is actually stronger than the original cable that came with the phone.  Although it is a little shorter than the original cable this has proven to be no problem.
I bought this item from Cellular 5 Star.  It's exactly the same one that came with my Samsung smartphone. It works. It's a Samsung brand cable at a very low cost.
I've hooked this cord up on 2 separate Windows 7 machines as well as the USB AC adapter that was included w/my Captivate and it worked perfectly on each occasion. I've used it to transfer data between my phone & computer w/o any issues as well. Other reviews stated it was a short cable but when I compared it to the one that came with my Captivate it was only shorter by an inch or so.
I have purchased many chargers for my Samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them. Maybe I'm just really hard on chargers but I feel like they should last more than a few months. Spend the money and get a good quality one.
Appears to be Samsung from the labeling, but only ~30" long. Barely enough for a computer to charge/mount/ADB, but too short for a Mini Cooper to get from the CLA-to-USB to the dash. Too short to be able to plug into your computer and hold the phone.Definitely shorter than illustrated on the Samsung site. Definitely a different micro-USB plug than current OEM -- current ones have a small + and - on the back.These are going back to Amazon (purchased from Amazon themselves).Samsung 5' cable as shipped with T959V is ECC1DU2BBEUsing my "left over" Nokia cables which are a foot longer and a better length --USB CA101 Connectivity CableorNew OEM Nokia 5310 8600 Luna N81 Micro USB Cable CA-101
I use these wires to use on Hard Drives otherwise charging phones its a little slower then normal but trickle charge no complaints.
I found that many adapters and power supplies had microSD connectors that were too big to fit into my new Samsung S5570 Galaxy Mini Android phone - the female plug inside the phone is recessed in such a way that the male connector must have a very slim housing to fit.  After ordering a few from Amazon and having none of them fit, I started visiting phone shops trying to find *anything* that would work.  I finally found one that fit, at an AT&T retail store.  They had three in stock at $20 each.  It was in an AT&T branded box but the cable was made by Belkin.  Anyway, I wanted five of them to keep at various places where I might want to sync and/or charge my phone, so that would have been $100 plus tax.  Compare that to the roughly $6 I paid for five of these here on Amazon.  And these aren't charge-only cables, they will both charge and connect your phone to your computer via USB.  If you're looking to charge/connect a Samsung with a microSD, stop looking and buy this.
A very useful product to recharge our Samsung phone. Fits the home recharger wall mount, the car radio recharger and also my iPhone. Is that great or what?
no problems charging not cheaply made bought for a friend would for sure purchase more in the future for myself
First I HAVE to say the seller "seller101" is the best seller I have dealt with by far on Amazon.I did receive a cable that did not work for some reason and they did not hesitate to make it right.I will buy from this seller for every product I can.I looked everywhere, AT&T;, Radio Shack, Walmart and you cannot get close to this price.  I like that I can stick this in my purse and if I get to a place where my phone is dead, I know I have a cord that will work. Everyone usually has a USB connection of some sort. This is a fix it for sure.
I ordered three of these. They all work and do what's expected they were just a nit shorter than I thought they would be. Maybe I missed that point in the description.
I use this cable to offload data and charge my phone (Samsung Infuse 4G) at work with my computer.  For this function, it works perfectly, exactly as the cable that came with the camera did.  Cable is approximately 3 feet in length and has very high quality connectors at both ends.  In all, a great cable for those who have either lost their original or need a second one.
It worked great on my Sony android phone. And I kept it in my office as a back up charger.
This cord has not caused me any problems in the year+ I've owned it. There is no reason to look for a more expensive one.
I use this item with my Samsung Fascinate. Data transfers and USB charging function as expected. I would recommend this item.
Seems to work as advertised, was extremely cheap, and allegedly a genuine Samsung component.  Perfect as a backup to the original one from the box.
I received this cable and immediately noted that it not only deviated from what is pictured but that it was obviously a cheap, fake cable. I used it for a while although it unfortunately necessitates removing my SGS3 from its Speck case. Today I discovered that after only a few months of very occasional use, it has stopped transmitting data at all. So I am back to using the original cable that came with my phone.Do yourself a favor, pay a little bit more, and buy a quality Motorola or other branded cable.
It's a piece of wire, what can you say about it?Connectors are good and cable looks professional.Can't beat the price
the one I received almost seemed like it was used instead of brand new. went bad really quickly, so I'd recommend if you want a good replacement cable, just go to a store that will have less hassle to return it if it goes bad
Great Price, prompt, free shipping (came in a small bubble bag with no fancy packaging).I plugged it in and it works.Can't ask for more than that!
I liked this because is convenient but it stop working after two months and I was disappointed. Next I'll look for better one.
I purchased this cable like many others because my Samsung Vibrant has horrible battery life. Once too many times I found myself at work with a near dead phone. So I purchased this inexpensive cable to charge my phone during the day. It does what I want it to, charge my power hungry Vibrant. The length is very short as other reviewers have mentioned, but for what I paid ($4.70 shipped),I'm ok with that. However, I doubt very seriously this is an Samsung OEM item. The quality just isn't there.I can't comment on it's data transfer capabilities because I never intended to use it for that purpose.I bought it for a single purpose and it does it adequately.
What can I say? It works to charge via USB and via AC. I needed seven more words to complete this review. There. Done. Good product.
This cable works exactly as advertised and exactly like any other cable of the same sort, just like the original!
Is a decent cable, no problems so far, maybe you can find problems fixing the connector but that is something that you can fix with a sharp blade.
real good quality cord. arrived on time, excellent for a computer or car. it is about 3ft long. would recommend it is a really low price. i would buy again.
Bad Samsung imitation. Does not work. The cable get loose on connection and it doesn't work. I though I have a deal but this time failed.
I constantly charge my phone, so any cable is going to get a lot of use as I plug/unplug at least 5 times a day.  With that said, I still think a cable should last more than a few months.  I purchased several of these, and all have gone bad.  The problem is with the micro USB section.  The prongs that make the connection start to fail by not sticking up as much as they should.  When the problem first starts, I have to wiggle the cord to make a connection.  It continues to get worse so that I have to wrap the cord around the phone and do other things to make sure it is plugged in at a certain angle.  Finally, it gets so bad that I have to throw out the cable.  New cables fix the problem - it's not my phone.
I received the genuine Samsung micro USB cable as advertised. I was skeptical because of the fantastic price and a few reviews that stated they didn't receive the genuine Samsung cable. The cable I received is identical to the cable that came with my phone and it works flawlessly.
I recently broke my other USB, and I found this one at a great price! It is even better than the original charger cable since it is longer than the manufactured one. Great product overall!
The cable I received was a genuine Samsung data / charging cable and the exact same one that came with my Sprint "Moment" cell phone. Cheap price, genuine brand name, micro USB -- nothing more need be said. Grab one with confidence if you need it!
Good customer service. I liked the product, the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone.
I needed a second micro USB cable for my new Samsung Captivate phone. I didn't realize that this cable was an OEM cable since the price was $0.43. It fits the narrow jack on the phone perfectly. I would definitely recommend it.
I needed a new charger ASAP & it came within 24 hours. I was so excited & it works perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone.
When I plug this cord into my phone for the first time I had to wiggle it around to get it to make a connection. I have 3 other chargers that I don't have to wiggle to get to work. That's how my old one did before it stopped working entirely. That's why I bought this cord.Think it may have a faulty wire?
This cable dont work...im so dissapointed , this cable is junk, cannot believe they sent me a cable that doesnt work , what a waste of my money and time!!!!!! Ahhhhhhrrrr s***
these cables are really nice.  they are about 55 inches long not including the connectors at the end.  i bought them from amazon as the seller so i think they are real.  the quality seems very nice.  hopefully, they will last.
VERY IMPRESSED. IT WAS JUST LIKE NEW. AND THE LENGTH WAS AWESOME. I WOULD RECOMMED THIS TO ANYONE. WITH YOURS IS LOST, STOLEN, TORN, ANYTHING!
The part I like about these cables is that they plug into your phone even if you have a a cover on it. Many cords have a large plastic housing around the plug, making it difficult to insert it all the way into the charger port. The shipping was extremely slow. It took about a month to receive them in the mail.
Horrible. Did not stretch long at all. If I wanted to plug in my phone to the wall, it would have to sit on the floor. Plug was a USB but only worked in one phone.
i have an app that shows the actual charging rate. my original cord from samsung charges at 1 amp, but this cord plugged into the same charging block only charges at 400 milli amps. My factory cord charges 2 1/2 times faster. you get what you pay for.
Cheap, but it was cheap (not a bargain). As I've previously stated, it works just charges very slowly. This is a get what you pay for item. I would buy again because I purchase these kinds of things for my teens (I refuse to spend $20-$30 for their replacements knowing it's just a matter of time before they break it).
This cord works fine...perfect fit...the only down fall of this cord is....its a little shorter than my original cord and its a little challenging sometimes to plug it up for use.
use these for charging my Note 2 and the wifes S3. no problems ever. will buy again if I ever need another.
Be aware of this product.It's not real Samsung product. I ordered 4 cables and every serial numbers are the same.It's a really faked one and may break your phone.The pin is too tight and if you use this too long time, your phone's usb jack would not fit to any other genuine Samsung USB cable.Shame on Hongkong!I'm going to claim now!Update 5/4/12: Got an email from seller and they refunded full amount but I keep the one star review because of faked one (useless).
No complaints! I use it for my phone and it charges! As of now I have no problems with this product.
I bought these after seeing them for $9.99 at a local store- They work great, I use for my Samsung Galaxy S 4G phone and a Comet phone.. No complaints, they work great, and awesome price!** Updated review * I bought these again 5/13- I have a note II and it takes along time to charge.. These aren't Samsung and seem bigger than the Samsung version- Have to be-careful they WILL rip your charging port out.. Won't order again..The second group two years later was generic.. Buyers beware for a newer Samsung Phone...
These are Samsung OEM cables. Works great for my Samsung GSG2 for both data and power and samsung bluetooth headset charging. Nice thick gauge cables do not heat up like the cheap knock off replicas and the micro usb end of the cable "locks" into the devices firmly. Great cables, great price. I ordered 4 of them.
Most name brand cables are thicker than this one, but it seems to work OK for both data and charging. Time will tell how durable it is.
This cable seems to work better than other similar cables. My Samsung is fussy on the type of cable used to communicate to my computer. This one works great. The cable is longer than other cables which is very handy. This cable is a must if you need a replacement. I recommend to buy!
Some other inexpensive micro usb cables I've gotten recently were of the type that they would connect data but NOT charge a device.  These cables work for both.  They're a little on the short side, but at the price it's exactly what I wanted: a couple of spare charging cables for use on the road.
buy 2 of this usd data charging cables. one of this cables works fine without any problems. another one does not charge the phone. but for the price it is not bad.
I got it to replace my charger cable but thos cable is a waste of money, in order to charge my phone it has to be at a certain angle, I tried it in my wife's phone and it has to be wiggle to find the right angle in witch it will charge the phone.  If you are smart spend a little more and get a better cable.
Product does fit the micro USB jacks and does its job transfering data and charging.HOWEVER!!! You will not get the product that is pictured!! It's a scam... You will get a nockoff product, NOT the actualSAMSUNG brand that is pictured.But it works... 3 stars because it's a valid product. but only 3 because it's not what it makes you believe it is.
definetly what I needed to charge my phone. great quality in the product and not cheap like others. I would recommend buying this
This item is as described, except my only complaint is that it wasn't actually a Samsung cable. I was disappointed. Plus, it recently started glitching up (constantly stops charging and I have to wiggle the wire a bit to get it working again).
This cable is an economical choice for a backup to the cable that came with your device. It is a short, 9&#34; cable, which means that it delivers full charging voltage and data transfer capability; longer cables may have issues with data transfer, due to resistive losses in the wire conductors, which increase as the cable gets longer.  For example, I have a 6' cable which charges my device okay, but will not connect to a PC for data transfer.  I recommend getting a couple of these so you can leave one at home and the other at work or in your car. It should charge any device that uses a Micro-USB connection, not just Samsung brand smart phones, but it may cause the device to actually boot up (my Tracfone LG-840G does this with this cable; why, I don't know).
Needed a USB Cable that would work with my LG Cell Phone. I already had the Cigarette USB Power Adapter, but needed this USB Cable to plug from the power adapter to my phone. This one fits (correct length and Size) for what I needed.
As usual all cords only last so long then its time to buy a new one. At these prices it makes it less expensive. Its better to buy more than one.
Great value, great cables. I ordered several, as my husband and I both have phones that use these cables, and now I have one in the car, at work, and at home. I really like how the small end has an asymmetrical plug part, because it makes it easy to know which way the plug goes in the phone without having to look at it.
I ordered 2 of these chargers, 1 for my car & another for work. They both work as expected. I have the Samsung Galaxy Blaze & charges my phone just fine. Worth buying!
I bough a single cable and it did not work at all.  The price was so cheap that I went ahead and ordered two more.  They worked perfectly.  Guess this doesn't make your decision easier huh?
no problems just shorter than I would have liked . but it works and that is all that matters to me
It works fine and it fits fine. I wish it was a little longer. I expected it to be longer like my original usb that came with my charger.
ihave bought 3-4 of these keep them all over the house and my carrying bags..great price as well..ithink i have lenty for now
There isn't much to say except this cable works as advertised.  It is very convenient for traveling because I tend to lose them.
This arrived fast, can't beat the price (I paid $1.69 with free shipping), and haven't had any problems with data transfer or charging.However, this is a cheap Chinese knockoff, NOT 3 feet as advertised (my OEM cord for my Samsung Galaxy is 3 feet). This is 6" too short, which means if plugging into a wall outlet, it has to stay on the floor - not long enough to reach the table. What a hassle if you have kids or pets.It only measures 2.5 feet, and it's surprising how often that extra 6" matters. Also, you can tell it's built cheaper than the OEM cord - I expect it will short out, probably won't last 6 months.But hey, for the price I can't complain too much. But if you don't want to mess around with a Chinese knockoff, try this full length OEM replacement:RCA USB A to Micro B Cable.
Bought a pair of these cables and they took almost 3 weeks to arrive which was expected so issues there. The first arrived DOA, never worked. The second died shortly after less than a week of use. Both cables are very short and barely reach anywhere. They had to be forced inside the phone connector which made me cringe every time. If you are looking for a charging cable, look elsewhere, even for under two dollars, these cables are simply not worth it.
Bought this for my HP tablet charger from a previous customer's review for his tablet.  It works better than the original cable that HP offers.  The cable is a little short but it does the job.
This product appears to be the exact replacement for the Samsung s3 cords, But I meant to order the shielded cords for the S4.  Verified it's current, and it was correct.  Gave as a present to my neighbor.
Used other usb cords thinking they were all the same....THEY ARE NOT!  This is an actual data cord and allowed my phone to connect to my computer to do backpups and file transfers, etc.  I was also able to use it to install a new rom on another galaxy s that was having problems.
This is a useful product. It came faster than I thought, and it works very well with my Samsung i897! It has a good lenght. I recommend this product to everyone.
works great on Droid
It failed after approximately six months of use. I would not buy this again in the future. i would come off better purchasing one at the store.
The good: it's a micro USB cableThe bad:  it's not what's pictured.  Not Samsung type small profile plug, but larger connector that is hard to fit into some phones - particularly if the phone has a protective case.
Like others have said in their reviews, this cable does not seem well-made at all.  I have tried to use it over the past several weeks.  Sometimes it charges and sometimes it doesn't--when it does, it charges VERY slowly--like 4 hours to go from 40% to 100%.  Half the time, the computer doesn't even recognize that my phone has been plugged in.  I do not recommend this product.
this equipment is obviously not a samsung product. it takes bare minimum 2 hours (uninterrupted) charging time to get a full charge with this cable and even then the batter dies quicker than usual. I would not recommend this product to anyone else. I purchased 2 of them and they are both horrible
Heavy use in my car has lead to the connection breaking near the usb plug end after about 2 months. While this cable is very flexible/pliable at room temprature my guess is that slightly below freezing conditions in my car stiffend the black outer layer of plasting leading it to breaking. Did I get what I paid for (namely, a very cheap cable)? Yes.
i love this product it works great and it charges my phone great, i love this thing. i would highly recommend this
Does what it says. Good quality and has failed on me yet. Good to have one at home, one in the car, and one at work.
I always have faith in Samsung products! They have always lasted the longest, and went through so much wear and tear. Would not buy any other!
I was looking for a USB cord without a lot of plastic around the USB nub. The USB cut out on my phone case wasn't very big and I wanted to be able to charge without taking it on and off - this works perfectly.
This product looks to be of good build quality and it certainly does the job.  I have no complaints whatsoever.
Not really much to say here, just the cheapest one I could find at the time. I don't even think I used it for a samsung phone, but it did work just great!
OEM Samsung quality. The cable is about two feet long, a bit shorter than what came with my Samsung Focus. I was hoping for a bit longer cable to use in my car, but I can not complain as they are OEM and of high quality.
Strong cord, works as it should, but a little too short.  Price is so affordable.  Thank you very much for making this so reasonably priced and sturdy
Not much else to say other than it works as it's supposed to and you certainly cannot complain about the price.
The extra cord is great to have for the office or for travel.  I use it with a generic USB charger that I picked up from Fry's (I'm sure you can find them online as well), and it appears to work just as well as the original Samsung charger that came with my phone.
Works great! Needed a replacement for my old charger. Not cheap and charges my phone very fast! I love it!
I bought two of these cables. I keep one in my truck to plug into a usb charging adapter. The other one I use to charge my phone off my laptop, as well as to transfer data. They both work great. The quality seems really good and they just have a nice feel to them. I would rather they had been a little shorter, but I knew their length when I ordered them, so it would be stupid to take off for that.
This is an inexpensive lightweight cable, but feels of good quality.  The connectors fit perfectly, the cable is adequately shielded, and it works perfectly with my Virgin Mobile Kyocera TNT (S2400), LG Rumor2 (LX265), LG Optimus V (VM670), and T-Mobile G2X (Optimus 2X).2012 Update:I bought a second of this same cable, and it's also flawless. Works with my two Plantronics bluetooth earpieces, as well as all the phones listed above. I got it so I could connect myVirgin Mobile LG Optimus Vto myGoal Zero Guide 10 & Nomad 7 Solar Adventure Kit, and they work perfectly together.2013 Update:Works flawlessly with myHTC EVO V 4G (Virgin Mobile)phone, and myPowerGen Mobile 5200mAhportable charger.  I've bought several of these, and they're all working well - including the very first one I bought.I heartily recommend this cable.
I bought this in a bundle of two and I am completely pleased. Great chords. Sync with my computer and are good quality,
I bought this item from Seller1ON1 and the model number is ECC1DU2BBE, which is printed right on the cord. The cable is EXACTLY like the one I got with my phone's compact travel charger, down to the model number and length. The only difference is the serial number.Since the cable was so cheap and came with free shipping, I will be ordering 2 more. The length is a little shorter than other cables available, but it fits perfectly into my phone and not having to lug extra cables around to my various USB chargers is a big plus.
I bought a Samsung Infuse 4G and it didn't come with a charger but I already had the wall port for the USB Charger.So I ordered this.  It was delivered on time and it very tough so it won't tear.
i bought these for replacing my short cable.I dont know why but samsung reduced length of cord and made them super short.cables work okay as expected and no complaints on that part.maybe samsung is in penny pinching mode.
Not exactly what i expected, the normal Samsung cables are over a foot long, and this was not. Disappointing, but it still worked.
Cords looked good when I got them. Decent quality, especially for what I paid. I then used them to connect my Galaxy S4 to my computer. Phone said it was charging but computer was never able to connect. No big deal since I figured I'd just use these with my usb plugs next to my bed and whatnot. Woke up the next morning and my phones battery percentage had actually gone down! I figured I messed up and accidentally turned the power strip off or something. That wasn't the case but maybe I didn't plug it into my phone good enough. I decided to take one to work to keep there and after plugging it in to many things with none of them working I connected my S4 to my computer and took note of the time and battery percentage. In one hour my battery went up only 2%!! What the what! After giving these cords the benefit of the doubt time and time again I finally found the best place for them, the trash can. Thanks for nothing.
Despite the description and the pictures of a "Samsung" USB Data Cable, what I received was a generic Micro USB cable that bears no resemblance whatsoever to what was pictured on line.  I would not have purchased this if I had known that I would receive a cheap generic substitute instead.
Did not last long stopped working after a month not very happy probably won't recommend ... Not very durable or useful
So this cable isn't a genuine Samsung cable, however it will work for regular charging and data transfers from your phone to your PC/laptopI've tried it on both Samsung and LG phones and it just works fine for those 2 purposes ... but doesn't work if you try to ROOT your phone, or do a manufacturer update.The tips aren't slim looking like the genuine ones you get with your Samsung phone, they're bulkier and similar to the ones you get with an LG phone.AGAIN, it won't work if you try to use it to update/root your phones ... but will work for regular data transfers (photos, music, etc)Hope this helps some of you deciding
worked as described and the price was great.  The cord arrived as it said it would. I would purchase again.
I mean what else to say. It got here timely, it works, and its just like they said it would be.
After reading the reveiws for this data cable, it seems that it's sort of a gamble of what cable you get.I personally ordered two and recieved two Samsung cables. First thing I noticed....is that they are short. Just over 2ft. Not too big of a deal for be. I just can't use it sometimes when I'm charging it because I'd have to hunch over.It charges my HTC Inspire 4G very well and connecting to the computer is not an issue.I actually bought these as a replacement to some other sub-par cables I had purchased on Amazon. Seems like there are risks to buying data cables no matter where you go...unless you pay full price and buy from the manufacturer directly.I'm happy with these cables though. I recommend them.
this cable is too short. go with this instead:Samsung OEM USB Travel Charger Adapter with Data Cable MicroUSB - Bulk Packaging - Black
This is original and cheap so why buy china versions but it is not the same as the original one for the Galaxy S II but it will work with it as i have tested it and works the same.
I am using this cable with my Samsung Epic 4G and a couple of LG phones that also have the micro-USB connector and as expected they work fine.  It is just a USB cable after all and not some proprietary cable.
These actually discharged my Samsung Note 2.  I bought 3 and none of them worked.  I haven't checked to see if I can access pictures and music on the phone yet, but at this point it is meaningless.  I have to buy more cords to charge.
Affordable charging cables that fit the very tight micro USB socket on the Samsung Captivate as well as working fine with my Nook and other micro USB devices. At these prices, I am very satisfied because my mobile lifestyle demands that I have a half dozen short cords plugged in here and there.
I Order this item and received it fast and excellent quality fit mi phone and the cable is excellent I recomendet !!!
No gripes, nothing special either. Just your run of the mill Micro usb cable. Will be buying if any more are needed.
This is a completely re-written review. This cable works on all my devices except for the Google Nexus 4. I bought three of these cables, and none of them work on my Nexus 4. However, these cables seem to charge and transfer data for Nexus 7, Motorola Droid 4, & Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. When I connect the cable to my Nexus 4, the phone would sporadically charge and disconnect every few seconds.Do not buy this if you are concerned that your device is incompatible with the cable.
It works as advertised. Fine for data and power. My one and only complaint is the length of it. Almost unusable. I know it was cheap, but still they could of added six or more inches to make it more functional. Next time I'll spend a little more for some length.
From previous reviews, it sounds like what you get may depend on who your seller is. I intentionally made sure I chose a cable Sold by Amazon, and these cables are perfect. New, packaged Samsung cables. The connector fits perfectly in my Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch from Sprint. I only needed 2ft of cable length to plug into my laptop, but these cables are 5ft long. Couldn't be more satisfied. Unless it was free :)
got it for my kid cuz she lost her other charger works like its suppose to fits phone like its suppose to
I expected that I will have 40&#34; cable but it was 20&#34;. I am not sure if I missed any details when I ordered it.
I'm not keen on the short cable size (seems you have to dish out a lot of money for proper longer cables), but if you don't care about size, these cables are great. They are ideal OEM cables (standard for just about any handset), and so far they've not died on me. I do recommend these, again, if you're not looking for anything particularly long).
This was exactly as described.  It works perfectly for my Samsung Epic 4G.  The cord is kind of short though.
Cables don't even charge the phones. You can tell they aren't official because the micro-USB end has a thicker plastic than the official samsung cables. I bought from a seller named Touch Global. ended up shipping from Pakistan or somewhere, cant bother to return it I'll just count it as a loss and pay more for proper quality next time.
Unlike other USB charging/sync cables I've purchased, this one actually works for syncing. I've purchased 3 from other places that didn't work for syncing data, so I was quite pleased.
Great cable!  I didn't realize when buying it that it's a bit shorter than the OE cable, which in my case was a good thing.  I can use the original cable in my car and have this smaller one in my computer bag.  Quality is as good as the original and is narrow enough to fit into the opening of the Body Glove case.
even  if  your  phone  is  not  samsung  these  are  a  necessity  if  you  have  a  modern  smartphone  these go  with  any  android  they  are  short  but  i  odered  as  backups  case  wife  misplaces  another  (happens  often)  at  that  price it  works.
Other brands would fall apart after a couple of weeks. Not these! A little short, could be 6 inches longer.
This cable seems to be original. It has all Samsung logo and UPC code. It's been working perfectly for me.
This charging cable works well and does not kind or bend in use or storage - Connections are strong and tight - best for good clean connections
I had it for about one week then it stopped working, then again you get what you pay for, CHEAP!
Ordered 2 cables.  Each appeared brand new and each have worked perfectly for charging both my HTC Evo and Samsung Epic phones.I would definitely purchase them again from this seller.
Maybe I didn't read the description thouroughly enough but this cord sure didnt work for the Samsung Precedent phone from the prepaid/pay-as-you-go plans. I was disappointed but was only out a couple bucks...
The cable is exactly what it says. I use it to charge my Samsung Galaxy II S off my computer. Great bargain!
Works OK. I've used this many times over past year. So far no problems, it is good quality product and good price.
I've been using these cables for a while now, and they work fine. They move data, they charge... they do what they're supposed to do. However, I noticed recently that my devices (Samsung GS4 and Nexus 7) charged more quickly on some cables than on others, so I installed CurrentWidget and did a bunch of careful testing.Using my phone as an example, it uses 460mA of power to function, and I leave it on while charging. These cables will charge it at 1000mA (5W) total input power, which leaves 540mA (2.7W) dedicated to charging the battery after subtracting what the phone uses. There's nothing wrong with that. But other cables are able to deliver 1.66A (8.3W) to my device which means that charging happens at 1200mA (6W), and charging happens over TWICE as fast.I have no real complaint with these cables, but I prefer to use the other, faster cables instead.
So far, this cable appears to be working very well. My only issue is that it is shorter than I expected for some reason.
I bought three of these chords several years ago from this supplier, as time went the need for more arose so i found my way through my Amazon orders to find this seller again and buy more!  These are OEM Samsung cables, they work on a computer as a Data cable as well as charging.  The actual cable is rather short but that is fine for a car or computer desk.  I am very happy with this product and the shipping was super fast!
it was exactly what it appears to be. it worked great for my previous phone. the length was not what I wanted but I needed it fast and cheap.
These work well as spares and a person just needs spares.  No more trying to keep up with just one charging cable.
Cable does not work on all my micro usb units, but it does work on most so I do have the extra cables I needed
The cable is a bit dinky (lightweight, thin, maybe not so durable) but treated well, it should do just fine, and is a great price to have extras around for charging phones, etc.
This charger broek within two days of getting and no help on returning it for it being falty. WOULD NOT RECOMEND
Good product, works for my Evo-3d for charging and data transfer. I think can't beat it for price. Really happy with purchase.
The seller Amamax is shipping a junk 3 foot generic charging cable. This cable will break within a week. The micro USB end will let loose from the insulation and render the cable useless almost immediately. Others have had good luck with OEM products, but Amamax does not ship OEM products, and they take a week to ship it...
I was looking for short cables to charge my smart phone in my truck and house without having to wrap up an extra couple feet of excess. This cable is short, small and thin, but well made. Perfect for my needs...
Purchased these cables since I have extra chargers. They work very well to charge my Samsung Galaxy S2. Price is reasonable and product is a good length and quality
I bought these to charge my Nexus devices (4 and 7), but they do not maintain a constant connection. I plugged in my Nexus 4 using these cables, and the charging notification flickers, suggesting that it was constantly losing connection and reconnecting. This doesn't happen with other micro usb cables that I've used.
Bought this charger because my cat ate my original one. I bought on friday, came back from work on monday and it was already in my mailbox.... AMAZING! Will definitely buy again when the cat eats this one.
works good i have a child that likes to chew on anything so i go through phone cords like no other and buying cheap is great for me
I don't have this phone charger anymore but it worked great. I have so many chargers, I gave that one to my friend.
sdfsd s df fsd fsd sdf dsf  sdf sd sd sdf  sfd sdf sfd fd fsd  sdf sdf fsd fsd
This is an OEM Samsung cord about 32" long.  I ordered 2 and both work perfectly for both charging and data transfer to a computer.  Great price for an OEM cord.
I bought this for my fiance to use in his car. Great price and works great. It seems durable as well.
I purchased two USB cables for my Samsung Captivate i897. The original one shorted out in less then 6 months that came with it in the AT&T box. The USB cables work for charging but when plugged to my laptop it doesn't allow me to use the phone, it'll charge but when I try to use any app on the phone it just bounces around the screen. Other then that set back it works for charging and when I put the setting to debugging it'll work (when I tried updated to version 2.2 after the release was made by AT&T).
I got this because I have two universal car adapters without a USB cable for my Samsung Galaxy SII. I've had this for about a month and it works perfect! I can finally charge my phone and use my GPS app on the phone while driving.
This is a good cheap replacement for a charging cable, or a data transferring cable when transferring files to a laptop or computer. Since you do get what you pay for, don't expect it to last too long. Mine lasted for about 6 months when the end of the cable where it connects to the phone, the wire became exposed and stopped charging. Again, for the price you pay, I wasn't expecting much. It did what I wanted for the time being. Just don't expect it to last forever.
This charger will charge your phone.. as long as you don't try to use it at all while it's charging. If you try to simultaneously charge and use the phone.. the phone's power usage is much more than this charger's ability to charge. The stock cable that I received with my phone is able to charge while I'm using the phone. I'm not sure why this one is so weak..
Excellent Price and this data cable will mount the Samsung Vibrant (Galaxy S) smartphone tested on both Mac OS and Windows in USB debugging mod.Length is 30"
It's always good to have extra cables for your phone.  Samsung is a little particular and pref that you use authentic Samsung cables with their devices.
Does its intended purpose. Works well and at the price was great to pick up a few extras if I misplace any.
This cord fits perfectly on my samsung galaxy s2 but the cord is not very long at all. It would definitely be nice to find a Samsung cord that is longer.
It's a cable.  It does what it's supposed to.  No reason to believe it won't continue to work as intended.  Fully satisfied!
Every one I got was the slim boot variety as depicted above.  They are genuine Samsung and they feel like the quality you'd expect.  I've had them months now and they are tough, slim, and nice.  I wish they were slightly less slim because the canted boot on the microUSB end is off-centered as you can see in the pictures.  It feels a little odd inserting it because of this...but...I've had no problems or breakage on any of my phones.  At this price, unbeatable!
Its a data cable it does what it does, charges and data movement. I would buy item again if needed,
This is a fake. If you can even get the phone to recognize the cord, it takes something like 12 to 16 hours to fully charge. Absolutely not acceptable.
These are good if you don't need a long cable.  These cables are really short but in a pinch or if hooked up to a portable charger are nice.
I ordered this cable for my Galaxy phone.  It arrived promptly and the product was exactly as expected - a genuine Samsung cable, which phone micro-USB socket perfectly and works like a charm both for charging and data transfer.  It's a bit on a short side and probably best suited for connecting the phone to a laptop.
This replacement/extra Data Charging cable is great. I use it when I don't want to place my phone on my cradle and when I want to connect to my computer. I also use the original one in an outlet by my bed. This was an extra cable I bought for multiple room use. The transaction was quick and easy. The delivery was in great time.
They don't tell you how long this cord is.  The one I got was about 8 inches long.  That was a little less than expected.  I guess it works, but I didn't know that they made them that short.
Great for tethering your phone with a laptop or charging from your desk.  It's about 3' long and works well with my Galaxy Nexus.
not much to say. needed an extra charging cable and this fit the bill. good cable that works for my galaxy note 2.
I love the USB chargers.  I can use them in the car, home and with my PC to charge my phone anywhere.
Again, this product description says OEM by Samsung ... data cable... I cannot get it to work unless I "giggle" the connection to the phone.  I've tried it on other phones and get the same problem.  I give up trying to find a mini usb cable that will connect properly to a Samsung phone.
It came by the date that is the only good thing I can about it. It is short but that isn't the worst problem ! It doesn't stay in my phone. It takes my phone forever to charge. If I'm on it and its on the charger it makes the percent go down instead of up
Brought 3 of these to have around the house.  First one worked fine for about 3 months and then failed (no charge, no data).  Switched charger and still no charge.  Tried using the other two (both still in original packaging).  Both didn't worked.  Would not transfer data or charge my phone battery.  Put the original phone charge cable into the charger and it worked fine so I knew it was the cable and not the charger.  To make sure, I tried several other chargers.  Nothing.  Threw all three out.  A total waste of money.  It's been over 3 months so could not return the order.  Will not buy this again.  Would give it zero star if possible.  Very disappointed.
My husbands Samsung Stratosphere 2 will only charge on authentic Samsung chargers and cables.  It does not recognize this as a Samsung product.
These are great cables. As others have noted, they are Samsung branded. The cord is a little thinner than my OEM HTC cord that came with my G2, but still look to be decent quality. And the big surprise, both cables I received were the longer version - about 58 inches. I'm very happy, especially for the low price.
Great works with all types of chargers. Works great on kindle and all T-Mobile phones with out any problems ..
I don't even remember buying this.. I buy so much of this stuff.. Seems there is still no univeral size on this type of stuff yet, so I have to by a lot of stuff just to keep up.. I am guessing it worked, as I do not remember throwing it away.
samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung galaxy s works well but i expected it to be much longer
this worked fine. charges my phone, does my taxes and gives me sweet love'n. I ain't no holler back girl.
Great deal they work fine on my Motorola and Samsung and HTC phones, what is not to like for under $2.00!I was surprised it worked on my Motorola Triumph, it is very particular about what chargers will work on it.  I may purchase a few more of these to give away as data/charging cables.
these work just fine and got here fast via first class mail... no probs.. not much else to say.. these are so cheap dont waste your time shopping just click buy and get a spare or two.
Not really sure what  to say about this other than it works great.I need a few more.So I can have a few for my computer  so I don't have to keep switch this one back and fourth
It works with all my other equipment also. Works with no issues and I would buy this again if I needed one.
Arrived in 4 days. Cable is genuine Samsung brand cable.  Listing does not specify cable length.  It is half the length of the original cable that came with my Galaxy S2, which worked out good for me as I am using this for my car charger. Great little cable, great price!
Nice quality at a nice price.  Works as expected for my Galaxy phone, so much so that I order 3 to have handy.
Nothing to say... Works good..........Extra words for the dumb 20 minimum word count.......Blah bla blaa blae blo blue blahs blohs blaaaaaa
It works but only for a limited time. Be prepared to have to eventually purchase another charger. But otherwise look for another charger to buy.
These cables are true Samsung connectors, at a fraction (i.e., ~10%) of the cost for the same items direct from Samsung.  These work with my Galaxy S II for charging from the many computers in my life:  two at home, one at work, and one in the car.  For the car, I already had a double USB charger, and this cable replaced my iPhone cable wonderfully.  One thing I did notice, this cable could not charge from an iPhone/iPod wall charger, even though it has a female USB interface as part of it. I blame Apple for not making standard components.  The wall charger shipped with the Galaxy S II works great.
Many negative reviews about the cables on Amazon so leery about buying them.  This one was supposedly Samsung OEM so I ordered it.The cable works fine.  I have a Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0 and has the standard micro charging port Samsung uses in most of their products.  It seems well made and similar to the cable that came with the factory charger.  It's got the same stamping and factory label like all Samsung products.  If it's a clone they did fine job.It works, good price, fast shipping, 5 stars.
These cables were ok... I believe I received 1 that just didn't work, but for the price I was not saying anything. The rest are in working order still after some time of having them. Cannot have too many of these cables.
Seriously, why don't they just make it last. I am pretty sure I went through two if not three of these. I thought I made a great find for a replacement cable for my GS2. But I threw both away. They would not connect well or be loose so it wouldn't charge. I had the hardest time finding the right cable. Ironically I found an amazing short and super long one that work awesome. The short Nokia CA-101D 8-inch Connectivity Cable for Nokia (search that on amazon) It connects well and is very solid. Should also work for GS3 but that I don't own. Then the long Mediabridge High Speed USB 2.0 A-Male to Micro-B Cable - 6 feet (also amazon) that is amazing quality, just increadibly long! But good luck searching. Hopefully those two suggestions will help you find your answer. I have been through 4 or 5 different micro USB chargers and those two just mentioned have been the best!!!!!
Bad quality, short, thin and breakable. I recommend buying a blue rigger 6ft usb cable. Its cheaper and much much better quality. Don't waste your money on this.
I just needed another cable to charge my Samsung Captivate. So I thought to spend 2 dollars for this cable. By reading all the other reviews I thought this will only be good for charging but I was surprised to see that it works even better as data cable. I do hacking/flashing using this cable and never had any problem.I think some people don't know how to use their product properly so they write bad reviews and scare other people.
had to wait for a long time to get it,but it works great for my samsung galaxy captivate,i only use it for data transfer from my pc.....
Purchased the standard looking USB cable, not those other weird ones. Cable works perfectly fine it is about 3ft long. delivery was super quick, arrived 1 day before the expected date. Definitely purchasing from this seller again is this one decides to go bad.
Cheap and it works. This is the second one I bought. It's really convenient to have. I carry it in my purse anywhere I go.
Not a bad cable for such a low price. Honestly, I wasn't expecting much. Yes, it is a plastic cable and yes, it is a bit short. But it works just fine for charging my phone, so how can I complain? I bought 4 of them so I could charge my phone everywhere without having to remember to take a cable with me.
I wasn't expecting much for how much I paid for this cable, but it's indeed OEM and works perfectly. Definitely nice coming from an iPhone where a simple cable like this runs $20 used.
The quality of this cable seems to be very good.  It is not a cable made by Samsung but made in China,  Nevertheless, it is actually thicker than my OEM Samsung cable.  While it is somewhat shorter than my Samsung cable, I use it in my car so a shorter cable is actually better.  I am very satisfied.
like  i said, it works, these are ok. good enough to use anywhere and keep the OEM one safe at home.
Can't beat this deal, I bought several. One for my desk, one for my car and one for at work. It is indeed OEM and works great. Bought for my Samsung Captivate Galaxy S.
What can I say, you plug it in and it charges your phone. Not to long, not to short. Just right.
This samsung replacement usb cable isn't the best you can buy, but it does do the job. It actually works pretty well. It's not as long as you ideally need but it's very cheap!
This is just a regular and working micro USB cable. A great and cheap replacement also. I like that can but a bunch and save a lot of money than buying at a store that could sell these for 10$+. I am enjoying my new micro USB cable. I highly recommend this product!
Did exactly what I needed it to do. No complaints! I may buy a few more to have spares around.
It does the job, there is not much to talk about this, you can buy it with confidence, will buy again.
I had 3 S9's..all worked great, but after sweating into them while running, the volume keys stop working..so off they go to Motorola.  Finally on the 3rd to, UPS loses them, sends me $100 so I buy the S9HD's.  Same deal..better quality than the S9's but after sweating into them a few times, the volume keys went kaput again.  Volume goes to the lowest level, and that's it.  So now it's off to Motorola again.  If it weren't for the fact that these are the best headset for running and the gym I wouldn't bother.  Being able to advance to the next song, answer the phone..these are great, but with limited use time.  Wouldn't be a bad idea to have 2, so there's always one around. No way they make it past the warranty of 1 year
I bought this Motorola S9-HD for my boyfriends blackberry 8330m, his says it's seamless operation between music and calls are top notch. the audio quality for both is worth every penny of the $72.00 dollars. I looked at these two years ago and they were around $130.00, Not now and he's glad for it or I wouldn't have bought them for his birthday.
I like these headphones.  It was a bit off putting at first as I thought they were defective.  The directions say the light will go green when fully charge and blue for other reasons.  I charged and recharged and only go to blue.  The company was going to give me a refund but then told me fully charge is actually blue.  They have worked great for over a month now.
This is my first set of bluetooth headphones and they work great, for the most part. I use these with my Touch Pro 2 and the Pocketplayer App. The controls are great and it's comfotable. Only two complaints. First is sound quality, the sound is clear and decent highs just not enough bass for me. I'm use to the Shure SE530's with is in a class of it's own. So for the normal person that is use to the standard Ipod ear buds they are going to sound great. The second grips is if I have my device on my hip the sound cuts out sometimes when i'm working out but if I just set it on a bench or on the floor under the gym I can walk around about a 25ft radius with no problem, kinda odd but it's cool. It's worth the money.
It's even worse when my phone is in my pocket and I bend over, but the sound will (sometimes) cut out every second or two while I'm holding the phone 18" away.  Checking with Motorola about warranty, but really disappointing.
I LOVE these head phones. I've paired them with my ipod (had to get an adapter for that). Paired them with my cell phone. Paired them with my computer and ancient bluetooth adapter. I love them. The SRS WOW built into the headphones makes music sound soooo much better. My only wish is that they blocked out environmental noise a little better, but maybe it will be a side benefit that i can listen to music while riding my bike and not have all sound totally eliminated, just wish it had better sound isolation for wearing em on the subway, but i guess that's okay.UPDATE: (One day later)..The headphones no longer have stereo sound. After chatting with Motorola I have to send them in, they are defective, I didn't accidentally hit a mono button, they are defective and have to go back after only one day! I did nothing to them except charge them overnight and leave them sitting on a shelf. I have no idea how a product could break like this. I've never had an experience like this before. Still they sounded amazing when they were working, hopefully the replacements will be more reliable. I really look forward to a continued good experience with these headphones when they are replaced and hope I can continue to rave about them.
The clarity on phone calls is amazing; the use as earphones for the mp3 section of the phone is nice, but not as clear as using noise canceling ear buds, but still pretty cool to have. The fit however, could be a lot better for my head; they are just not terribly comfortable.But don't misunderstand, I am keeping them and using them often, I just wish there was some kind of fit adjustment.
Ive been using this product for over a year. The sound is great but the voice calls are not usable, but could be just the set I have.I use it for running and the gym. The only issues at the gym I have is on the seats of the machines or on a bench the back part of the bluetooth bumps against it pushing the headset out of my ears.I am happy with this headsets but there are many new and better style headsets out there now.
I originally bought the S9's, which sounded O.K., but failed after one 30 minute workout with moderate sweating.  I said in a review of those that I was going to try the Jaybird's, but I liked the S9's so much that I decided to try the S9 HD's instead.  I had read that the S9 HD's were much improved in sweat resistance.  Not true.On the positive, I will say there is no comparison between the S9's and the S9 HD's as far as sound quality.  The HD's simply blow the older model away.  I was very happy with them initially, although I was so paranoid after my earlier short lived experience, that I found myself CONSTANTLY wiping the headphones off to make sure they didn't get wet while working out.  Well, even that didn't work.  Sadly after only 3 workouts, these too have failed.  This time the headphones themselves still function, as well as the volume controls, however the pause, phone, and forward/back controls have all failed.  Sigh...I really do want to like these headphones, but they are obviously not an appropriate product if you want to use them for workouts.  At least they had the decency to fail within the 30 day return period!This time I actually did order the Jaybirds instead.  I know they don't have the same audio quality as these do, but hopefully they will function for over a week!UPDATE:  I looked at my review this morning, and decided that I was too harsh in rating these 1 star (although I can't go back and change that).  They really are very good as far as sound quality, and if you aren't using them for workouts, then you will probably really like them.  It's just the only time I ever use headphones is during workouts, so for me at least they are unacceptable.
Very portable, connects easily, relatively comfortable. Sound could be better but then I have been spoiled by those little earbuds that actually insert into the ear canal - you can't beat the sound on those. I have not had problems with these being sweatproof so far. I only need to recharge them every 6 or 7 uses.
I decided to totally rewrite this review. I finally started using these again hoping I could cope with the worst bluetooth range I have ever seen to date, and sorry, I can't take it.Pros:The sound quality is great. It's some of the best I've ever had for Bluetooth Headphones.I haven't had sweat problems at the gym like other people seem to have had.They are very lightweight, although it would be nicer if it was lower so you could lay down with them on.Cons:The rubber glue holding the power button rubber unglued itself.The battery life is about 5 hours... not bad for the size, but not really that great either.Motorola technical support is some of the worst ever conceived, it's a joke to even call it that.They bend pretty easy - if you take these on a road trip, make sure they don't have /any/ weight on them. Mine bent to the left pretty heavy and took some time to bend back.But the real meat and potatoes is that THESE HAVE THE WORST WIRELESS RANGE IN THE HISTORY OF WIRELESS.I have to put my phone in my hood to get the sound to not cut out nonstop. Pockets? Sorry, you are SOL. Like working out? It works, kind of. Biking with your phone in your pocket is a long lost dream. I didn't buy these - My HT820 (which by the way was AMAZING compared to these) went in for warranty, and they sent me these back. No charger, no manual, nothing but these in a box (and they weren't even bubble wrapped!) and then when I contacted them about it, they said my warranty had expired. That might be due to the fact that it TOOK NEARLY 3 WEEKS to get a response. Getting an RMA on my previous set so bad that I am never buying Motorola again.Overall, I really dislike these headphones because there is no practical use. Look at the 1 star reviews, and you'll see what I have.I cannot repeat this enough: DO NOT BUY THESE, SAVE YOURSELF THE HORRORS OF THIS PIECE OF TRASH (for lack of better words)Update: I have upgraded to the Nokia BH-905i - I like BT headphones and I'm not going to throw my money away on another pair of these losers. The sound doesn't cut out on my (new) phone with the new pair - it still does with the old (these). When I did upgrade my phone (from when I wrote the top part of this review), I tested out the BT range, and sadly, the problem did lie in these headphones. I want to like them, but with all of the problems, there is nothing about these to like.
This is the first bluetooth headset that I bought. The first few days it worked ok but I noticed I had to recharge it after every couple of hours that was used. Then I started hearing a lot of static noice (I was not walking around, sitting next to my laptop). Bottom line, don't waste your money, there is a reason this headset was so cheap. Who knows maybe a more expensive one does a better job.
I am a runner and have been using these headphones for the past four years with different devices on the treadmill in the gym as well as outdoors. Currently I use them with my iPhone 4S, with which this headset paired effortlessly. However I am now on my third headset.After about a year the battery did not seem to be holding a charge, and I got a replacement headset. I see from other reviews that other people have also had some battery issues, though I have no idea how widespread that is.Soon after getting that replacement I started going to a gym where the treadmill area was not well ventilated and tended to be humid. I got drenched in sweat and so did the headset. The volume control stopped working (it was stuck on the highest volume) and there was static coming out of one of the ear buds. Fortunately it was not too late to get another free replacement from the store where I purchased them.I note that all electronic items can be "zapped" by moisture unless they are specifically designed to be water resistant. It appears that this headset is not. It never was an issue for me until I started running indoors at my first gym. I have since switched gyms, and my new gym is well ventilated. I also wear the Buff (which I have reviewed on Amazon) when I run. Since this covers my entire head and is great for absorbing sweat, including sweat on the back of my neck, the sweat is no longer an issue for me.Note: If you want a corded headset to use when sweat will be an issue, I suggest the Sennheiser PMX 70, which I have reviewed on Amazon.In any event, my latest headset has been working just fine for the past three years.Before purchasing this headset, you should keep some things in mind.First, depending on what device you use, it may be necessary to buy a separate blue tooth adapter (I had to do that when I used this headset with an iPod).Second, if you wear glasses, it works best to put the headset on first and the glasses on second. The glasses won't fit quite as snugly as they normally do, but for exercise it will be fine. I found that if I put my sunglasses on first, the headset did not fit as snugly in my ears, with a resulting loss in sound. The same thing applies if you wear a headband or bandana--put the headset on first.Third, since the headset is curved in the back, if you wear anything with a collar that sticks up in the back, the collar will push against the headset, which will come slightly out of its position in your ears. So wearing the headset with a ski jacket won't work very well. With a thinner collar, you will occasionally have to reposition the headset as the collar pushes against it. Also, if you wear a ski hat to run, you will not be able to pull it down over your ears.Fourth, because of the back of the neck design, you will not be able to use this headset comfortably to lay on your back (like on a blanket at the beach, a couch in your den, a chaise lounge by the pool) or to sit in a reclining position with your head back (like in a car or airplane). Likewise you will need to remove it to use certain equipment at the gym, like the situp bench.All in all I am very satisfied with this product now that I have resolved the sweat issue.Update March 17, 2012: I figured out how to use this headset comfortably to lay on my back. Turn the headset upside down (So the M now looks like a W), put it in back of your head, and put the earbuds into your ears without looping anything over your hears like you usually do. The back of the headset will now be flush against your neck, and you can comfortably lay back on a beach chair etc. Keep in mind that now the phone button and volume controls will be on your right ear instead of your left ear. I can't believe that I didn't think of this sooner.
Actually no it kept turning off and on and i dont know the reason so yea it didnt work it was a really very bad one ! Sorry
I bought this battery replacement kit from BestDealsUSA for my Apple iPhone 3G.  The kit arrived with all the tools necessary, although it would have been more helpful if the screwdrivers were magnetic.  As for installation directions, I just followed videos posted on YouTube and it took me about 45 minutes to complete (I could have finished earlier but those tiny screws were hard for me to handle).After installing the battery, I re-calibrated the iPhone with the new battery by doing the following:1.  Reset the iPhone by pressing and holding the Sleep/Wake button and the Home button for at least 10 seconds until the Apple logo appears (you will not lose any apps or data stored on the iPhone).2.  Drained the battery until the iPhone shuts off automatically (by playing music, videos, games, making phone calls, etc).3.  Fully charge the iPhone (yes, you may use it while charging).After two days, I can definitely say the new battery is holding up very well on my iPhone.  Let's see how it does after a month or so...
I put this battery in a troubled phone, and after lots of tinkering the phone still died. So I can't tell for sure whether the battery had anything to do with that. But I love the tools! I've taken apart and fixed about 5 iphones with these tools. It's hard to find a small Philips screwdriver for the iPhone.
Not much to say about this other than... Loooong delivery time but worked as expected.Hurry and make the switch to Android before you invest too much more into the Apple market. ;)You don't have to go through all this torture to change an Android battery!
It comes without instructions so I watched videos and tutorials from few places.Make sure to reattach the camera to the back of the board before assembling back.Works great and battery performance is excellent!
My original G1 battery was definitely bad since the charge lasted only a couple hours.  So far this new battery works great and holds a charge for the entire day like it normally should.  The price was great too!
I needed to replace my old battery because I needed a phone after my daily one broke on me.  This battery was way better than the stock one that was given .
It worked really well for like the 1st  month or so and then it just stopped holding a long charge.it still works..dont get me wrong..but the life severely decreased..my average heavy usage day i would get at the LEAST 6hrs before im in the yellow..now its more like 1 and a half hours now. Instead of investing in more off brand product i decided to buy a new phone.
Other reviewers nailed it.  Great battery, great life for a power hungry phone.  Wish the phone were more efficient, but it is good enough for me.  I bought two batteries and a cradle/battery charger and now I'm always good with power.  The set is worth the cost, keeping two batteries moving is the way to go.
Have bought from this same product link 6 months ago, and that one was OK.  This latest purchase, however, only lasted about 3 weeks, and now it does not hold a charge, drops rapidly to zero after a couple of hours.  Again, the one from six months ago is fine on the same phone.
Priced very good considering that it works as the original (OEM) battery on the phone.Have been using it for four months and it holds it charge as the first time. If it last a year is more than worth the price considering that the OEM cost more than twice the price of this unit.
Good battery great price.  Last battery was dying within a couple of hours, new battery last the day.  G1 is just a power hog.  I would recommend this battery.
I recently ordered a new battery from another seller for my friends G1 which was no longer holding a charge. The battery worked better than expected. My G1 battery began to die quickly even with limited use so I figured I'd get a new battery for mine as well. This battery did not work as well as the other I ordered. This battery seems to work just as bad as the original one I've had for a few years.When I received it, it had about 70% life and I decided to fully charge it and then let it completely die before recharging. I've been using it for a few days and I charge it fully each night. By the end of the day, which is around 5 or 6pm for me, it's down to less than 20%. I rarely use my phone during the day while I'm at work. I even tried taking off the autosync feature to save battery life. Last night as usual I fully charged the battery. I've checked my email and received/sent a few text messages. It's now noon and the battery is at 44%!I believe there are some lower priced batteries out there that actually work. I don't think this is one of them. Try at your own risk. I'm just thankful I didn't spend alot on this.
Once I conditioned this battery, it lasted all day with regular use of my phone.This is the second one that I purchased. I purchased one, as the original was dieing a slow and painful death.Once the original died, I bought a second to have as a reserve in case of an emergency.
Had to have it as my G1 was a real battery hog. My dad was still using the G1 until this year with this extra battery.
I bought this for my android G1 about a year ago after the battery I had before died. It worked fine for a few months but it slowly started to drain like the old one.
If you want this phone because of the supposed IMAP client, you might be disappointed.  There are other problems too, but I'll start with the long one.If you have it already, and set up your email by following all of the menu prompts, you might like it just fine without realizing what it is actually doing.The way life ought to work, and does on other phones:If you have an IMAP email phone, and an email service which supports IMAP, you get free "push" email (instant delivery, not waiting for the next dial-up) with no extra charge beyond your data plan.  Very simple.Nokia doesn't seem to care.  There is an option for email alerts, but it doesn't seem to actually work unless you agree to the terms of their new "Nokia Messaging" service.  Instead of the phone connecting directly with your email provider (eg, GMail), the phone installs the Nokia application which connects with Nokia's server, and that server at Nokia is actually connected with your email provider.  Not only is this a ghetto work-around, but if you read the terms of the service, it is only free until Nokia decides they are done "testing" it and want to charge you money.So you might be happily using what you think is IMAP push email on this phone, and for all we know it could stop working next month and Nokia could demand that you pay their subscription fee... for something which ought to just work anyway.No pretend that this doesn't matter to you, or you think I am nuts, etc.  On to the next problem.If your email provider has IMAP available, the phone will not allow you to set it to download whole email messages.  The setting option which allows either "headers only" or header+body when you use POP3 is neutered when you have an IMAP server address, and the only option is headers only.  So if you look at your phone and see several new emails, every time you click on it you have to wait for it to connect and load the email.  My SonyEricsson w595 is not so stupid.  I have instant IMAP delivery, and get the body text automatically.So forget about the email client, what about other Internet applications?Here's two problems with that stuff:1. You can't turn off the menu option which stupidly asks if you really want to allow a web browser to access the Internet... every single time you use it.  Other phones at least skip this if you installed a signed application (eg, Opera or Bolt browsers).  The popup has no "never ask" option, and there is no setting for it from the application manager either.  Only Nokia's own browser is exempt.2. The fancy e63 also lets you select an "access point" every time you do something which requires Internet access.  This would be a great feature if you use both WiFi and cellular, and want to switch back and forth all the time.  But it's a total annoyance if you don't.  The e63 lets you turn this "feature" off for its own web browser, but it still does it for everything else.  Google maps, Bolt browser, GMail application... every one makes you select the access point every time you use it.
This is just a great phone, still works after 3 years of heavy use, the only thing I found not great is the keyboard, but the rest is nice.
I recently acquired a couple of Nokia E63 phones and these are my observations so far:Pros* On Mac OS X transfers contacts and calendar through iSync using a plugin downloaded from Nokia* On Mac OS X transfers photos to iPhoto and music to iTunes through Nokia Multimedia Transfer downloaded from Nokia* On Mac OS X transfers both through bluetooth, and USB through USB-to-miniUSB cable using miniUSB-to-microUSB adapter OEM Motorola SKN6252* Uses microSDHC memory; tested using 8GB class 6* Includes FM radio, Internet streaming radio, and plays video and music (aac/mp3)Cons* Mac users, firmware updater only available for Windows* Built-in email program works only over packet radio (provider data plan)* E-mail over WiFi/LAN requires additional application download on the phone and an account with Nokia; setup WiFi access point on the phone first* Does not bundle data cableNote that if you are a techie the cons are minor.
I've always wanted to own a smartphone, but did not want to pay the usurious rates charged by carriers for regular phone+data service. This smartphone is the answer to my wishes. Amazon's hit it out of the park on pricing.The phone hardware is beautifully engineered. While some have panned its camera, I've found it usable. When you first use the keyboard, you might think that with the small keys, you'll fat-finger everything, but surprisingly it works very well. The phone has a plethora of features.I've used my phone with prepaid voice service from T-Mobile. You'll need a SIM card and some airtime. I chose not to buy any data packages, but instead, configure the browser and email to work with wi-fi. The advantage is that wi-fi service at home and many hotels and cafes is free, so you have mobile internet access. The disadvantage is that you don't get mail and web unless you're within range of a wi-fi signal, and you pretty much become your own systems integrator, trying to get all the components to work seamlessly.The manual that comes with the product is close to being useless. It goes on and on about various pieces of jargon, without once explaining what they are, and what purpose they serve. I tried in vain to connect the in-built mail client to Yahoo, but failed because it insists on connecting via IMAP and Yahoo does not do IMAP. There is no way to specify POP. After a day of web browsing I came up on a workaround using a fake email domain name to trick the software into working with Yahoo. You'll have more work to do in setting up the various pieces of software so that they use your wi-fi connection and not the cellular 3G connection.Nokia has a separate push email service that is very poorly documented, and is _separate_ from the email software that comes on the phone. This service works superbly with Yahoo and other email services like Gmail. However figuring out how to change the email icon to start this email as opposed to the stock email program that came with the device takes a good amount of doing. Once you've set it up, you can get it to work so that the email key and icon go directly to the Nokia push email.The bottom line: if you are familiar with setting up electronic gadgetry, know something about various types of networks, and have a day or two to spare in googling, you can set up the phone to work on prepaid, with wi-fi for data service. The hardware is great, and once you've gone past the setup hassles, the software works well.If technology intimidates you, then buy this phone from a carrier, or go for a Blackberry or Iphone. With a phone that you buy from a carrier, you get the carrier to do all the integration with their network, and a number to call if something doesn't work. Of course the downside is the much higher monthly cost.
I am fairly technically oriented -- so tried taking this directly out of the box to use it.  I chose the red phone and the outside cover feels velvety to me.  It doesn't slide around when you set it on a hard surface in the car....which is good.My main complaint is that the written instructions are absolutely useless.  After taking the back off - the cover has a toggle that unlatches in the back and it pivots on a hook at the top of the phone.  Take out the battery and to get your sim card in the phone, slide it VERTICALLY into the little area that looks like you should insert a memory card horizontally.  The guy at the ATT store had to show me how to do this.  Even my 13 year old could not figure it out -- which is generally not a good sign.I agree with other reviewers that the keyboard layout is awesome.  It makes the phone narrower than a BB and is easy to use.  The other trick I had to learn the hard way - is how to unlock the sucker after setting it up with no password.  you have to quickly press in sequence the bar above the green call button and then the function button near the lower left corner of the keyboard.  You can't hold one of the buttons down too long or it ignores you.  When the screen dims, I have a really hard time reading error messages and instructions on the screen.... hmmm.  again, a pain.However, the phone will let you set font size, background color and there is a plethera of pleasing ringtones.  If only the applications were as abundant.I chose this phone because of the wi-fi capabilities.  I do not have a data plan, don't want a data plan, but do need the calendar and email functions.  I can sync and read email at any starbucks and still avoid the overpriced ATT data service.If you still think this is a US phone, read the manual and screen where it instructs you to hold the space bar down for 2-3 seconds to use the phone as a torch (flashlight).  I have actually found this functionality to be VERY useful and even when you don't charge your phone for 3 - 4 days, it will still light up like a beacon in the dark.  Try going 24 hours without charging your  BB bold!bottom line, I would buy it again for the wi-fi and great sound transmission (both out and in).  I love the size, but wish it came with useful user docs.
when i bought it in sept 2010 it was the phone i was waitng for. and i am to say it is still work up to know. cause i did resell it to a relative who still uses it alot. only thing i did not like at the time was that it tend to be slow and the picture quality from the camera was very poor.
i have an iphone, an HTC hero from sprint, and I recently got this phone. I initially bought the iPhone to use as my work phone since my company uses AT&T. I loved the iPhone as a gadget since I am always an apple fan. However, the device has lots of issues from a business user's perspective. My main complain was the flimsy alarms for meetings. There is no way you can customize the alert tones in that phone. HTC hero is a very new product that I use for my personal use from Sprint. I like the device but the bluetooth sucks on this device. I paired it with my car's hands free connection, and the hero stopped connecting to the car from the next use. I think Sprint needs a major bug fix on the bluetooth area of this device. With all said, the e63 keeps making me happy. i love the utility of this device. I do not have a data plan since my company uses text messages for paging since it is cheaper than blackberry service. This has not been an issue since I have wifi on this phone. The bluetooth stereo works seamlessly with my car. the call and signal quality is perfect. I can synch the phone with both my outlook at work and my music on iTunes on an iMac at home. it even transfers the new podcasts. I have a 2 GB card in this phone. This is more than enough for my use as I only have a hundred or so songs that i listen to. I listen to a lot of financial and news podcasts. To make things more sweeter, the music transfer is possible over bluetooth. Apple does not allow that even on their own iPhone from a mac. Don't get me wrong, I love the macs, but I think Apple does not know how to make a perfect phone yet. They still need to learn a lot from an experienced phone maker like Nokia. My specific unit was manufactured in Finland. Has an excellent workmanship on the product. The keys are smooth. Much better than the virtual keyboard that iPhone or the hero sports. The device has a substantial feeling as not too light and not too bulky.  Did I mention the FM radio and the nice web browser? well, buy one and enjoy if you are a serious business user who is not too crazy about a berry.
Nokias are great, It's way out of date these days and speeds crawl compared to modern 4G phones, but it is perfect as a backup phone that does just a little more than a flip-phone. After 4 years, 2 of which have been sitting in a drawer with no charge, it still holds more than a day of battery life.
un telefono de excelente calidad, lo recomiendo ampliamente, igual al vendedor responsable, todo en perfecto estado. trajo todos sus accesorios
One of the great phone I have ever used. Hard, easy to use and give all smart phone facilities. Only disadvantage is not having in built GPS. I brought a external GPS but for navigation Nokia wants to change me. Other than that it is great to have.
This a really good smart phone with a great price. It has the same OS as the E71. The main diferences are: 2 MP vs 3 MP in the E71, No GPS, no front camara. The E71 is made of steel and this phone has a really soft to touch plastic in blue or red, the blue color is really nice. But for the price you get a really good smart phone that has Wifi and all you need to take your office in the road..
I love my phone, i would recommend to anyone. it has a lot of features that are just great. it will call out the person calling you. My best friend when he calls says " I am James the all mighty Dwarf: Yes it is funny to me
only thing i did not like at the time was that it tend to be slow and the picture quality from the camera was very poor.when i bought it in sept 2010 it was the phone i was waiting for, it is still work up to now. cause i did resell it to a relative who still uses it alot.
i ordered the phone few days ago and it arrived today.  initially i was so excited that i got the package so fast even though i took advantage of using the free shipping.  but soon:my excitement turned into suspicion, then surprise and finally angry:(suspicion)  the box felted a bit light(surprise)  the seal on the box was broken(ANGRY)  NO PHONE INSIDE THE BOX!!!it has the manual and the wall charger but the phone.  this is ridiculous, not even the April Fools' day yet!i contacted Amazon immediately and another phone is on its way to my door.  i have purchased countless items from Amazon, new or used, but NEVER received empty box.  i appreciate Amazon's effort in resolving this problem quickly, but still it looks Amazon is getting too comfortable being the #1 e-retailer for too long, WAKE UP, AMAZON.COM!
Definitely worth its price.Pros:+ Built-in standard headphones jack (not present in E71 and above, as of now)+ Included Office Word, Excel, Powerpoint etc. applications (compatible with Office 2007 formats)+ The flexilibity of Symbian OS, with freeware or &lt;$10 applications/games all over the place+ Support for up to 8gb SD cards. (I am using one currently)+ A plethora of user-friendly options making browsing the phones' various features very easy, for instance, you can include various shortcuts for favourite applications in the home screen)+ Built-in flashlight (you can use the camera flash as flashlight as long as you want , which turns out to be very useful when looking for something in the dark, strangely, Nokia stopped this feature in other, most expensive models like E71)+ Very impressive battery timespan (up to a week if you do not use multimedia features and speak infrequently and shortly, around 2-3 days if you heavily use the features and talk more)+ Easy PC integration and synchronization using Nokia PC Suite+ Very high maximum volume level (with reasonable quality) for ringtones and outdoor music listening+Easy to use, practical calendarCons:- Camera quality- The screen could have been crisper, definitely not as good as an Iphone screen- The Symbian OS tends to freeze for 2-3 seconds frequently, yet not an unendurable experience.- A bit bulky compared to similar models- The keyboard is not badly designed, yet could have been more ergonomic, typos are not infrequent even for an experienced user.-You need to buy the USB Cable seperately if you do not want to rely on Bluetooth, its price is quite reasonable though.
I have had my Nokia E63 for almost three years now. I use it all the time as a phone and as my primary MP3 player, using a 16 GB micro SD card to hold more programs and albums than I could possibly listen to. This phone is still going strong despite many years of hard use.Maybe it qualified as a "smart" phone when it came out, but now (entering 2013), it could only be considered semi-smart at best. A dinosaur, perhaps, but it does what I need it to do well.It has wi-fi capability so you can check e-mail or Facebook, etc without using a data plan. This was key for me.The cellphone reception is excellent. For the first couple of years I had the phone, I was working in Mexico over two miles south of the border, and I could still get a US signal when phones of my colleagues were roaming. The great reception and durable build quality are what has kept me with Nokia phones for almost ten years.The MP3 player sounds great coming through the stereo system on my car, but it does tend to be a little hissy with most earbuds -- especially any that say "designed for iPhone". A major exception is thePanasonic RPHJE120K. While a little short on bass, these are my favorite budget earphones at just over $5, and the sound with the Nokia is angelic and crystal clear.In the end, I'm aiming for five years with this phone. I plan to upgrade in around 2014 and I have no reason to think my E63 will give out on me before then. Hopefully one of Nokia's beautiful new smartphones that really deserve the name will be more affordable by then.
Purchased the phone a few weeks ago for my son. Has been very well accepted. All features work great.
This little adapter earns its 5 stars for solving a true problem and doing it so without me having to pay a lot for the privilege. But, first, let's enumerate its specs:- Input 100-240V - at this price dual voltage, amazing. You would need a plug adapter if you go abroad and it's not included.- AC - 50-60Hz - we have 50Hz, they use 50Hz in Europe.- Output DC - 5.0V- Interface - USB female A-type- Little "I'm alive" red light so you'll know that it's charging- USB cord - not includedI bought this to charge theFlip MinoHD Camcorder  2nd Generationa great little cam that comes without a charger and expects that you either carry a laptop and have it hang on it USB port to charge it or you pay lots of $$ to buy the 'extra' charger from Flip. To my surprise and joy, this little adapter coupled with a relatively inexpensiveAmazonBasics  USB 2.0 A-Male to A-Female Extension Cable (3.3 Feet / 1.0 Meter)fully charged my MinoHD in about 90 minutes without any issues.By the way, those who market this device may sell more if the mention the Clip compatibility. I do own aSanDisk Sansa Clip+ 2 GB MP3 Player (Black)and I didn't need this adapter because the Sansa takes its charge through a female Mini USB A-type and any Blackberry or phone charger with a male Mini-USB B-type would charge it.To conclude: IT WORKS and at this price with free shipping (no $25 minimum required) it's almost a steal. I'll probably order another one, just in case.
This is perfect for anyone who, like me, does not want to be locked in to charging their devices using their computer's USB ports. AC wall receptacles are a lot more practical, especially when not at home.
I ordered a pair of these.  One lasted a single charge, the second didn't work at all.  If I could have given this product zero stars, I would have.  Not worth the postage to return - kept the removable usb cables, and threw the adapters away.
I have just recived it and it works very good it has a strange smell but other then that you should enjoy this fast chargeing charger
I used this charger for about 6 months, pretty sporadically, with my Droid X & Sansa Clip+ as the two primary recipients of recharges straight from the wall outlet as opposed to a computer's USB port.  Everything worked fine, except I'd notice the units were slightly warmer to the touch than if they were charging from the computer, or in the case of the Droid X, from the Motorola shipped wall-to-USB charger.A few weeks ago, I left my Sansa plugged in for a few hours for a full charge (usually takes about 3-4 hrs to charge from empty).  When I came back, it was completely dead, and very warm to the touch.  I smelled something that could've been burnt wires, but could've just been the plastic--very hard to tell.  All attempts to restart the Sansa failed, and I RMA'ed it.  I've since stopped using this adapter for any of my electronic devices.I can't blame the charger for the Sansa's death with 100% certainty so I'm giving it 2* instead of 1*, but considering I don't feel comfortable using it ever again, I'm not going to give it any higher rating.  User beware, I guess.
Got this because I had some extra I phone cables but needed more chargers. Works great and you can attach it to the extra long cheap cables.
It's a cheap USB charger.  Not sure how it can be messed up, but the iPhone I had did not recognize it and begin charging.  Seller did ship a new one after testing it personally, so I give the seller credit for standing behind their product.
Works as good as the original power charger that I received from At&T for my Samsung Captivate phone.  I am also able to charge my Sandisk Sansa without any issues.  Overall, very good value for money.
My wife and I have used these around the house for our various devices (apple, android, etc.).  It always works well!It's a big plug, so you have to keep that in mind with where you plug it in.  Also, it seems pretty light and hollow - so I wouldn't leave it lying around...
received items in a timely manor.  Worked easily and my 3 daughters loved them. They matched the white Ipod replacement cords I ordered them.  Worked perfectly & I recommend them. Great item @ a cheap price.
I don't recall purchasing this product.  I no longer have the item, so I assume it no longer works.  I will give it 2 stars for this....
I purchased this for my lady friends daughter. It's constructed pretty well, so it seems. It is rather hollow inside, so it's very lite. Feels like it'll float away if it's not plugged in, lol. Plugged it in, so it works. That's all one can really expect based on the price.
These chargers are just okay.  I ordered 3 ... I have one that continues to work, the others have stopped working for no apparent reason.  They were cheap and you get what you pay for.
If your looking for an adapter, this is it.... I was a bit skeptical about ordering this particular charger because of some of the reviews but I went ahead and took a chance and I'm soooooo glad I did. It works perfectly with our iPod touch, iPhone and more!! It's not too big and it's not too small and the little red light showing it's power is an added bonus. For the very small amount of money I paid for it I consider it as a steal!! Shipping was fast and packing was great! Highly recommended!!!TR
This skin is definitely worth buying and for this price I'd say go for it. There are some flaws and depending on your use I'd say they are minimal at worst!1. The skin around the touch screen lock/unlock should have been thinner, .. it'll irritate you no end in the beginning but you get used to it. You could use a fine file to make the area more accessible.2. The 2nd camera for video conf. is hidden by about a 1/2 mm and produces a dark corner. Cut out carefully just the area of the skin that overlaps or slip the corner off while conferencing, if it bugs you. It doesn't really bother me since I don't use the camera much!3. If you use the lanyard its a problem when you want to use the car attachment when using the GPS. You need to slip the skin off but you cant get it off entirely because of the size of the hole. Slipping on the lanyard is also a pain but since you wont do this every day it's OK I guess.All in all a good buy. I considered buying a leather case, but they were too bulky. This skin is perfect barring the above defects. So far so good anyway ... its been 3 months since I got mine. I receive the package as promised too. I also got the 3 pack screen protector from the same vendor
The cover gives a good protection, does not slide over table and gives a nice feeling when in hand (in $3 one cannot expect much). However, there are many cons1. The lock is difficult to reach since the silicone is pretty thick.2. The case is lose and the side covers comes out in day to day handling.3. Dust very easily sticks to this cover, giving it a dirty look.4. You cannot put the phone in your pocket with the cover on, it doesn't slide into your pocket because of the rubber material. This a big problem for people who keep their phone in pocket (like me)Ended up ordering the Otterbox commuter case for $30.My suggestion, do not waste your three dollars on this case.
Before I take my Nokia 5800 out into the real world, I wanted to make sure that my mini investment would be well protected, so in comes the Silicone Skin Case for my beloved Xpress Music from Nokia.First, the case fit my phone very well. The rubber-like material feels durable. There are open slots for all the important functions. It is easy to slip the case on and off my phone in case I need to access the battery, SD or SIM cards.A couple of small gripes. It is hard to access the sliding phone-lock button since it is hidden deep in the open slot. You have to press the camera button a little harder to start the function.A necessity for such an expensive phone, the silicone case does make this phone a bit more bulky. Otherwise your 5800 is going to be well protected and looking good in this silicone case.
Fits perfectly over my phone. Had for 3 months and haven't had a problem. Definitely worth the money.
I bought it after reading other good review about it.  Well, it is good quality.  However, it is too thick and stay loose with my phone.  What is the point to have a good quality cover but it is not sit tie to your phone so that you can not use it?  Well, I can't use it, but it is too cheap to return, so I just threw it away.  Not recommend it.
This skin was a breeze to slip on, and it seems to easily come off when I need it to.  That said, it also sticks tight when I *don't* want it to easily come off.That's the good news.  The bad news is not too bad:- you'll need to think ahead if you're going to stick the plectrum and wrist strap on:  feed that through the skin from the outside, thread it into the catch inside the XPressMusic's battery cover, then slip all the the skin around the phone.  Tricky, but it can be done.- access to the sides is not very easy:  it's nice that you can still press the volume buttons, but annoying that you have to mash down hard to flip the unlock switch:  the opening is too narrow and the skin is too thick.  A little bit of trimming here would probably have saved on a lot of wear and tear.
Absolutely served both my purposes- a loud two phone bluetooth headset that automatically connects to our cellphones when we arrive home.- loud and clear sound when watching Youtube or Amazon instant videos with an older laptop/phone/tablet etcThe Line In helps when using devices that lack Bluetooth!Haven't used it with the battery much at all, just tested once that it works. Been connected to AC semi-permanently since.
Perfect for what I needed. Great sound quality and volume for a relatively small speaker. No, you won't have booming bass but there is good depth that will more than fill a room and allow you to hear it from 20 feet or more at the beach. And the blue tooth has great range. Works even when phone is down stairs...although seriously how often are you going to really need that? But easily will reach 20 feet outdoor if needed and your phone can also send that far. Speaker phone works decent although probably not as good as a dedicated blue tooth phone device. Callers have told me it is hard to hear unless I am very close to the mic.
After reading customer service problems with Jambox, I bought my wife a Jabra Solemate for Christmas.  She wanted to use her iPhone 4s for music and as a speakerphone in her office at work.  The Solemate ($150) works perfectly.  After a couple days, she said to me, &#34;You've got to get one of these for yourself.&#34;  Well, we can't really afford two $150 Bluetooth speakers, so I searched for something less expensive.  I found this one.First thing.  Unlike others, this does NOT use a USB-based adapter/charger, but rather it uses a conventional AC adapter and AA batteries.  That means you can't power it with a USB port on the computer, a USB AC Adapter, or a USB car adapter, and that's an inconvenience by modern standards.  Also, the AC adapter is just that.  It will power the device, but it is not a charger.  You could use rechargeable AA batteries in this, but you'll have to charge them separately.As a speakerphone, this device is only OK.  Speakerphone volume (with iPhone 4s) is so low, you have to turn the volume up all the way.  That means, when you get a call, you must quickly hit the volume up and hold it until it hits max.  Then when you hang up the call, just as quickly turn the volume back down, or music will be too loud.  I suppose if you had a phone with separate volume controls for phone and music, this could work better.  iPhone has one volume control, though.The sound is pretty good, albeit not the quality of the $150 Solemate.  Buttons on top of the device are handy.  Rewind-Pause/Play-FF, Volume down/up, Bass Boost, Stereo widening, PTT, and Power.  Bass Boost has fairly little, but noticeable effect.  Stereo widening, similarly, has little effect--mostly reduces volume and leaves a &#34;hole&#34; in the center of the sound.  PTT is for pairing and then to answer or ignore an incoming call.Pairing with the iPhone is easy enough, and the pairing survives the device being turned of and on again. It doesn't have voice prompts and confirmations like the Solemate, but at least the pairing instructions are on a label on the back of the device.  I also tried this briefly with an iPad, with which it also connected easily enough--given the usual Bluetooth constraints (disconnect from one before connecting to another).  iTunes music played fine.  Netflix movie sound comes through very well on the iPad.Bottom line:  If you're buying this mainly to listen to music or movies on a phone or tablet, it works well enough for about 37% of the price of the Solemate.  For music and movies, I'd give it 4 stars (one off for the old-style power).  As a speakerphone device for the iPhone, it's somewhat limited due to speaker volume issues.
We very much like this device. Easy pairing with our iPhones. Good sound. It also looks nice on the bedside table.
I picked this up on Cyber Monday in November 2012.  It's been a little less than 5 months and I couldn't be happier with this speaker.  I use some rechargeable batteries in it when I don't have it plugged into the wall.  The batteries seem to last about 8 hours total before dying.  The sound is great for the price.My only complaint is the flashing blue light on the front of the speaker.  It flashes when it is connected to a device and if you are using this in a dark room to watch a movie, it can be very distracting.  A piece of black electrical tape would easily fix this though.
What an economic yet big sounding device. Easy to set up and fill the roomin mere seconds.Pros:comes with batteries, wall plugShips with three foot stereo plug for direct connectionBig bass sound30-foot rangeMultiple devices may connect (only one at a time for use)(iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro paired.)Cons:None noted.For the price and the sound, well worth it! Recommend.
This is a very small speaker which is great for travel.  I was not pleased with the sound enough to give it 4 stars but considering the price its better then one might suspect. With that being said I doubt you can find a speaker for 30 dollars that is bluetooth capable. Questions does anyone elses player not look like the one pictured here? The bluetooth/plastic piece is much longer in the front. Also...the flashing blue light drives m crazy. Taking a star off just for that. But I have to give it back due to the conference call ability.
Well worth the price!!  Like many have said the only downfall is the flashing blue light.  Connects easily and batteries seem to last a long time.  Sound is surprisingly great for as small as it is.
Got this to go with my tablet or smart phone. It works as advertised bluetooth setup was easy and painless. The sound quality is so so. Enough to hear through out a hotel room or small office.The protability is where this really shines being able to use AA batteries and pull it out of a bag at any moment makes this do exactly what I needed it for.Biggest complaint the buttons, you have no indication if a feature is active or not.
This has become my favorite Christmas and Birthday gift to friends and family.  Affordable.  Good volume and clarity for its size.  Easy pairing.  Uses standard AA batteries that last a long time.  My Wife has adopted mine and I will never see it again.  My employees use theirs for job site music.  An absolute win win purchase
Great what else can i say.  I use it with two samsung epic 4g mine and my GF easy to pair. Sounds great, clear and enough bass for the size. Portable which is a (+++), four (AA) batteries came with it (energizers) that was cool. Could use a recharcable battery.I already told other people to buy it.
My searches for a portable Wireless Speaker showed only very expensive items until I came across this Spracht.  This item is great!  I love using it. The sound is pretty decent, too.
Great speaker. The bluetooth connection is awesome and really easy to set up. It's pretty loud, but if you turn the volume up too much you will definitely notice some distortion. I guess that's kind of expected though. I loved the fact that it comes with a power cord, so you don't have to rely on batteries all the time. I only wished it had an output connection. That`d be awesome.
Great little speaker system!  Like the speaker phone functionality and sound not bad to listen to Howard Stern of ESPN through my Sirius iPhone/iPad app.  Would recommend to anyone who does not want to pay a lot to get a lot...
I tried this one after striking out on a solar powered speaker system. While this one performs better than the prior, it still doesn't pull it's weight for the money. I will be sending this one back as well.
I was able to get this at a great price through a kindle deal. I've never used a bluetooth  speaker and had no idea if I would even be able to figure it out. It was very simple to get it all set up. I was able to pair this up with my phone and also with my kindle fire.It has a very rich sound, I was surprised something so little could sound so nice. The phone feature works very well too.  The bright blue light is glaring and slightly annoying, that's the only thing about this I don't like. Gave it to my husband so he can use it at work since he will use it more than I would.
I've always wanted a bluetooth speaker for the house but never could find one that was just right.This product works very well. Sound is clear, range is great and volume is pretty solid.Paired with my phone and computer easily enough, though I did run into issues with the laptop using a generic bluetooth receiver. When the drivers auto installed after pairing, it set the speaker to a mono device. After I set the laptop to register the speaker as a stereo capable device, everything was a million times better.The speaker isn't tiny, but it's not too large either. So far battery life is great as well. No complaints.
New out of the box and the speaker pops and snaps and crackles with every beat of the song.  Too bad I was playing a violin sonata by Debussy.  When I listen to a song I want to hear the music not the hiss of poor received signal or the rattle of loose and broken parts.I knew that at the low price of the speaker that I should not expect much but I did not expect for the speaker to be of such poor quality.PRO: Bluetooth connectivity worked.  Came with batteries.CONS: Loud beeps every time a button is pressed.  Speaker is unusable due to all the noise it makes.Cannot recommend.
I got this as a daily special.  I plan to use it for our family gift exchange next Christmas.  I feel that I got great value for the $$ spent.
Materials are very cheap. Plastic face was scuffed when arrived. Sound quality was just OKNot recommended for my tastes.
I purchased this item specifically to use by the potentially disastrous environment of the hot tub. I had previously used wired speakers with my iPhone but was always worried about ruining the phone around the water. This speaker allows me to keep the phone at a safe distance while still being able to control volume, skip tracks, etc...... At this price, a ruined speaker is not going to break the bank. Sound quality and volume are fine for my use. The Bluetooth paired easily.
Lets be honest, the need for devices to compress(degrade) the music before sending it over bluetooth to a speaker inherently makes any speaker sound underwhelming. This speaker is no different. Use this speaker with a wire(3.5 mm) and it sounds great. Use it via Bluetooth with a great high bitrate mp3 and it sounds good. Use it to stream Slacker/Pandora via your mobile(already compressed to send to your phone) via bluetooth and it sound HORRIBLE . After owning 8 different speakers, i have come to the conclusion that as long as your expectations are realistic,you can be less critical. Only the Motorola EQ7 has impressed me in all areas. Yet that was 150$ brand new 3 years ago. This is a 50$ speaker. So i grade it as a 50$ speaker. Pound for pound it earns its 5 stars. Why do you ask? First is battery life,with 4 Power Ex AA batteries it gives me 8 to 10 hours at its highest volumes...perfect for a day at work or the beach. Second is durability, i have dropped it 7 times on hard concrete floors..batteries popped out cover went flying and it has not cracked or missed a beat.Third is its size a shape, It slides in to any pocket i have,my side pocket in my car and while not being tiny it is convenient when moving to place to place. 4th and finally is value/price at 50 dollars it is a great value it takes rechargeable batteries so i keep 4 in reserve and it takes A/C power too. I am not wealthy, yet if i lost it or it broke I would not be devastated(unlike my EQ7 which would have killed me even before it was discontinued) because 50$ is a price point I can deal with. So as far as I am concerned I highly recommend this speaker and use it EVERYDAY with great results.
i ordered 2 bluetooth speakers and this one ACTUALLY worked fine! i use this speaker in the bathroom while taking a shower while my 4s is in the kitchen.. i can FINALLLY listen to Howard via my sirius/xm account,, or my ipod! great speaker over all. its very loud as well.. good stuff
It does what it says it does, its not super impressive, I've only used it a handful of times since I bought it.
I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS SPRACHT SPEAKER.....IT WAS RECOMMENDED BY A FRIEND.....WHEN VISITING MY DAUGHTER WHO IS A MATH TEACHER.....SHE SAID THAT WOULD BE GREAT FOR HER CLASS ROOM.....SO I GAVE HER MINE AND ORDERED ANOTHER ONE.
It's not a Bose, but it does exactly what it is advertised to do.  I actually keep this in my laptop bag, and it travels with me to my office, or to one of our other field offices.  I use it to stream music from my iPhone or iPad.  I've also used the phone feature on it, which works well, but I've had complaints of the microphone cutting out.  I've also used a standard 3.5mm speaker wire to connect it to my laptop (which has crappy built in speakers) while watching movies on the road.  It's proven it's value over and over again.  The sound quality is good for everyday listening.  I bought one, my wife liked it, so I bought a second one so we'd each have one.  Worth the money to have on hand.
This has great sound for such a little device! I bought this as a Lightning Deal for an amazing price.I was skeptical at first, but when my husband started playing music on it, I was shocked. The bluetooth recognized & paired with his phone fairly quickly, and the sound is just amazing! We haven't tested the connection from far away just yet, but we don't ever plan on using it when the phone is too far. Also interesting is that since its BlueTooth you can project your phone calls through it too. We found that out by accident.
This is an excellent little gadget.  It's no Bose speaker, but the sound has good quality (excellent for the price), is quite loud and really clear for a wireless speaker.  I use it to channel internet radio from my iPhone in the kitchen and dining rooms and it reliably fills the room with crisp, clear sound with no defects from about 20 feet if my iPhone has an unobstructed view - half that from my pocket.The unit pairs easily, is a great size with a curved shape and a high-quality weight to it with the batteries installed.  The unit comes with a plug, but accepts 4 AA batteries.  Even full of batteries, it goes to sleep if you disconnect it from wall power.  I would've liked it to be able to &#34;switch&#34; to battery mode instantaneously and keep it moving, but you have to restart it manually.  Still, the batteries mean we get open-air internet radio or MP3 music at the park or wherever.The phone speaker feature is a real bonus.  An interesting side effect is that, while the microphone is good, it's easy to forget that the other party cannot hear you if you are more than a reasonable distance away from the microphone.  It's not a flaw because I'd never have a conversation with a real person or even a Polycom from that distance, but the speaker is so powerful that it makes you want to respond in your normal voice (which doesn't help the caller).Another non-flaw is that you can only pair one device at a time.  The paired device has to disconnect before another device can use it.  This is no different than if you had a wired connection, but is mildly irritating that I have to manually disconnect my phone or iPad before my wife can use it.
The speaker connects to audio sources pretty well. Controls are a bit confusing but acceptable. Audio quality though has nothing to do with manufacturers claims: it is a small speaker with average audio, meaning it is only usable to voice applications such as Skype or other VTC apps. It is not suitable for music playback.
The Spracht AURA BluNote Bluetooth speaker originally sold for $130 which is an absurd price considering its cheap build quality and barely acceptable sound quality. I purchased mine for about 60% less than that and still feel this speaker is an inferior value. The sound is simply too poor to make this suitable for any sort of serious music listening. No dynamic range or anything resembling bass. And forget about playing it loud. When a company releases a product this poor it makes me question it as a whole. Pass on Spracht and spend your money on brand that shows concern for product quality.
I purchased this speaker because I want to have wireless speakers for my nexus one. Actually, I puchased Yubz MAGNUM and this unit.Both use 4 AA battery, I soon realized this speaker does not support AVRCP, as well as you have to connect from the host (a big hassle). I connect it as "wireless headphones" not "handsfree".The volume and bass control are reset once you have battery replaced, which is another hassle.Now I say the good side: the sound is pretty decent. The speaker has bass boost and stereo widening, the former does really work.I never use handsfree speaker, so I can't give comments.If you want to use it as wireless audio speakers and you want to control from the speaker, you should go elsewhere.
first of all, it sounds like crappy little cheap speakers, which is basically what I was expecting so I can't complain about that. The bluetooth seems to work fine but I really only get about 20-25 feet if it is a clear line of sight, even if I walk between my phone and the speaker it will cut out. There are also a few things about it that really annoy me. When you power the speaker on the volume is set so low be default that you cannot even hear sound coming from it, even if my cell phone is turned all the way up. Once you get the volume at a decent level everything is great until you go to turn the speaker off it plays this cheesy chiming noise at the an outrageous volume level because that his how loud I had to turn up the speaker to be able to hear them. My initial solution was to just leave the speaker turned on and only turn on my bluetooth to connect when I want to listen to music, however there is a flashing blue light on the front which lights up our entire basement when it flashes every 10 seconds. We just covered up the light, but if it wasn't for the weird volume issues this wouldn't be a problem to begin with.
After a couple months of use, I'm editing my review to take away one star.  All the below holds true, but the blue light is actually incredibly annoying.  It flashes quickly and randomly as long as the unit is turned on, so I end up hiding the speaker out of my line of sight.  It's a serious design flaw in a speaker that's obviously trying to be sleek, modern, and easy to fit into your decor.----I bought this little speaker to use with my Nexus One, which holds about 12G of my music collection.  The convenience of the Bluetooth connection and the small footprint sold me on this model, and it does not disappoint.Pros:1.  Setup was seamless and took a total of 45 seconds, thirty of which was waiting for my phone's Bluetooth to recognize the speaker.2.  Size matters for a portable speaker, and this one has a small footprint. The slight curve makes it stable enough to not worry about tipping, but it takes up less desk space than my 5x7 digital photo frame.3.  Design is good, with a nice sleek appearance.  The buttons have a good, solid feel, and they're nicely sized so there's no hunting around.4.  The sound is also very good, but no one is going to mistake it for a full-size speaker.5.  The unit comes with an AC adapter, four AA batteries, and an Aux-in cable.  Everything I needed to get my Nexus One and iPod both connected in no time.Cons:1.  The sound does have some sibilance, particularly on high notes.  It's not really a tinny sound - much better than most other portable speakers of this size that I've tried.  That said, it's not going to blow you away with sound quality.2.  The blue lights on the front of the unit (not shown in the pictures) are, well, ugly and distracting.  Where the photo shows three connecting black circles, the unit has blue circular lights when turned on.  Only the top circle is lit most of the time, but it's pretty bright.  Definitely not a design enhancement, and a downright annoyance if you want to sleep with this thing going.Overall, I'm very happy with this speaker and am glad to have it.  The complete ease of connecting my devices, the size and portability, and the decent sound quality outweigh the negatives for me.  And since I bought it at the Goldbox price, I'd say it was worth the money.  Not sure I'd be as happy if I'd paid the regular price, though!
I had no trouble pairing this with my DROID X mobile phone and playing music through it at a reasonably high volume - the sound quality is what it is for this size speaker, but that's not what I bought it for. I bought this to use as a speakerphone and in that regard, it falls a bit short. The speaker volume is WAY down and not as clear as it should be - I have a Motorola speaker/speakerphone that's about a third the size of this and it works much better. I do like the fact that it uses 4 AA batteries instead of a built-in rechargeable battery that inevitably is dead when you want to use the speaker.
this is a great product. the sound is terrific, light weight, works wirelessly, so you don't need it to mount into the machine to play, good price, no complaints. small with big sound
I heard the BOSE version of this style product but could not afford $300, so tried this $50 version.1st: the battery cover is flimsy: it was difficult to snap on and I was afraid I was going to break it.2nd: the stream was horrible. Maybe I got a lemon, but every 2 or three seconds the sound would stop and then start again... very irritating.3rd: the blinking blue night is also a huge irritation! Stop the blinking and make it steady.------------------My wallet said, &#34;SPRACHT!!!&#34; when it coughed up the dough for this toy.
The picture does this little guy no justice. It's pretty small, however load and very easy to use and set up. The one thing I do have to complain about is the lack of instructions lol. Just in case it happens to you just press and hold the hang up button till the lights flash blue and red. Turn on your phone's bluetooth once you hear the beep and it stops flashing you are good to go. This one even rings when you get a call. I got this for my S3. Little did I know that the S voice works through the device. That was very cool and made working with that feature even easier.
I read several of the reviews of this product, both five star and one star.  Decided to order to product, although some of the one star ratings made me a little anxious.  After receiving the product and charging it I found the following:  Total charging time for 2 1/2 hours is a necessity as outlined in the instruction manual.  A little long for my liking, but if it holds a charge for the stated times in the manual, it's worth the wait.  Pairing to my iPhone was a breeze.  Just turn on the iKross, go the setting on the iPhone and turn on bluetooth.  Pairing take about 45 seconds w/o any problems.  Once installed in the vehicle, just turn on the iKross unit and pairing occurs automatically.  Reception has been good for me depending on the strength of signal from the cell towers.  No dropped calls as of yet.  For me, the volume is good as long as the windows are up.  So, long story short, I am pleased thus far.  On the negative side, the visor holder for this unit needs improvement.  My visor is thick and the slip on holder for the iKross won't stay.  I had to reposition the unit to the plastic pullout on my visor.  I don't like that as the unit isn't anchored as solidly as it could and should be.  The magnets that attach the unit to the visor holder appear adequate as long as one isn't over zealous when pressing the on/off switches and volume controls.  All in all, I'm pleased with this product, except for the visor attachment.  Will follow up if issues arise.
So we got this today, and before even getting the chance to open the Amazon box, it was damaged.  We opened the Amazon box to find the product's packaging also damaged.  Not looking good.  We opened the item and looked at the included accessories, and read the instructions, and turns out you must charge this for 2.5 hours first.  No problem, except that there is no wall outlet.  I hadn't noticed that from the images.  So I have to start the car and leave it charge for 2.5 hours?  I'm rarely in the car that long unless I'm on a trip.  That's crazy????  Not happy.
Not compatible with iOS 7.0.4.  Supposedly this unit (which I otherwise like) is compatible with the iPhone 5S.  However, the firmware isn't compatible with the latest version of Apple's software.Also, their customer service leaves a lot to be desired.Returning it.
In the process of returning, apparently received a defective unit, that would not pair with my car or any of my bluetooth enabled phones.
It arrived very quickly. The product is very easy to use. My only thing is that it doesn't automatically sync with my phone and I have to sync it every time.
I was shocked when I paired this with my phone and I bought another one for my mom. it's easy to pair, instructions are clear and it's really loud when you take a call while driving. I also love that I can bring it into the house and answer or place a phone call from it without having my cell phone next to me. Perfect gift and everyone should buy one for themselves. I'm impressed!
From time I received it, I have only gotten to use it 2-3 times (went out of town on vacation and didn't drive), but the few times I used it, it seemed to work just fine.  I'm back home now and plan to use it this weekend and see how it does.  But as for as I can tell, it works okay................
This is a very handy for not just my tablet, but my car as well. The quality of the sound is simply outstanding. Aside from theACCURAVE ELM327 Bluetooth OBD2 Diagnostic Code Scanner - Scan Tool Check Engine Light CAR Code Reader - Android Compatible, I can think of no item better to have for my device.
UPDATE: April '12: mine stopped charging the phone all together, which is a real bummer since I depended on for long car trips. Before that, it was a total must have for me.I love my iphone, but don't always love the AT&T; service, which is shoddy and often drops calls. Effortless to set up with very good directions, and already I've had less dropped calls and more bars when I'm traveling. This is going to be the perfect solution when it works with the model car you have, its definitely a 5 star product in that respect. I struggled with the star rating because though it's not the right setup in my car, it would greatly help those who have a crappy signal.The 3 stars is strictly because I have a Jeep 4 door Wrangler. 2 big reasons for the star downgrade:- The 3 mounting options(2 sticky ones and a vent mount) are limited and don't work in my jeep. The vent mount does not work with my vents which are very wide and long, so the clip doesn't extend enough to grip it in the back. Also, I don't have any dash part near me to affix the glue sticky mounts. The only real place to put it makes it awkward to access my iphone. Plus I don't like the idea of permanently affixing anything to my car, especially since it becomes a gooey mess in the summer. So this sat in my cup holder until I found a suction mount online that works with the back of the cradle so now I have a pretty sweet setup. If you're interesting in getting one, leave me a comment and I'll send the link of the one I'm using.- The antenna to boost the signal is made to magnetically mount to the top of your car. That's great...if the top of your car is metal. My jeep hardtop is fiberglass and the soft top is fabric. So I had to figure out a solution. Thankfully the wire that leads from the cradle to the antenna is really long. So I was able to snake it all the way to the rear and I mounted the antenna underneath the tire on the back. Not perfect, but it's still boosting the signal and working as if it were on the top. Its hidden for the most part as well by the tire, so hopefully I won't have any strangers fiddling with it.Otherwise, the mount easily fits my iphone 3GS with my cover on it. It charges it, and holds it snugly. The power jack has a great on and off switch so you don't necessarily need to unplug it when not in use. Just push the button and you're set.All in all, really a nice product and a great buy if you have the right vehicle.
Let's get right to the point. This is only a signal booster and nothing more. It works as it should to boost your signal, acting as an amplifier to a standard weaker antenna that is embedded in your phone. However, there are diminishing returns, such as when you are in a heavily wooded area, on a mountain, at the bottom of a mountain, any higher elevation area, or in places with deplorable reception to begin with.You are looking at this product because, I am guessing, you need better reception in certain areas, mainly when you are driving. This does work in boosting your signal and does it well. So the first thing that should be answered in this review to those contemplating a purchase is that: It does do what it is supposed to. Just do not expect miracles if the circumstances do not allow them so--as I stated above.As far as installation, it is easy to set up. Just running a few wires down through the seats, and plopping an antenna on top of the roof of your car. Very self explanatory and detailed. Anyone should be able to do that.When sitting in your car, it might come off as bulky if you have a small compact (such as a civic, corolla etc.). With the latter I would go even so far as to say that it may get in the way. However, I am sure if that was the only obstacle it would not be that much of a problem. Just letting you know it is almost twice as big as the Iphone itself, without the sleek thinness, if you know what I mean. So if you have a gps hanging around, you choose to purchase this, and your car is a small compact, your interior may start to become just a little crowded.If you need a signal booster, this will do just that. It will not work in areas that present problems for receptions in general, but will certainly give you a much better equipped antenna than what is already in the Iphone. It is quick and easy to install, just make sure you interior is not already crowded as this could be an unwelcomed addition.
I have followed the directions as given and my iPhone reception is reasonable. Has it improved with the use of this device? I cannot really claim to have seen a difference. I still get an occasional dropped call, or show minimal reception bars even when the phone is in the cradle. I have used my phone both with and without the device, and while not observing _strict_ scientific method, I am not sure that I notice a difference either way.My test was performed in the car on the I-5 between Sacramento, CA and Los Angeles, CA, at points as desolate as points running through Arizona or New Mexico.The good things I like about the booster are all of the ergonomic form factors - fits my phone even in the case, charges the phone while cradled. On the flip side - I cannot connect my phone to my car stereo via the USB port and have to use the Aux input which limits my ability to control the phone via the stereo, yet another thing to plug into my single car electrical outlet (leaves me wondering where to plug in my GPS).Ultimately, it seems my cell reception varies with and without the device and my benefit from using this signal booster is questionable, enough so that I would not recommend that anyone spend the $200+ unless they are in dire need of a signal booster. P-)
This installs easy and work very well in rural areas.  But you definetely have no use for this in largers cities!  The one negative is the antenna cable may be a bit on the short side for some cars, and I keep thinking it's going to fall off one of these days.
While I spend most of my time within the city limits there are times I venture out to the coast or to the mountains and find my signal to be less than fantastic. This iBooster does boost the signal significantly and I can get service in areas I hadn't. Unfortunately there are a number of quirks that you have to deal with to get this thing to work. First off all it does take some time to install, you've got a separate antenna and cables you have to run. It's not trivial to set it all up and get it mounted.My iPhone also barks that it's not a supported device, so I keep having to dismiss the messages every time I plug in my iphone.  But I do really like that it's wide enough to fit my iPhone with its protective case on it. Many devices don't support this and it's a nice touch.The most unfortunate thing is that no matter how strong your reception is there's nothing you can do when AT&T;'s has service issues. I had a couple dropped calls from within the city and I know that this iBooster  was doing its job.If you live out in a rural area and signal is a major issue, the iBooster is going to be a godsend.  It may be overkill and too much hassle for people who are more city bound.
When the opportunity arose to review this product I jumped at it.  My husband and I are both iPhone users and while I generally don't have many issues with not being able to get a signal [unless I'm in a store] he encounters several dead zones on his way to and from work.  The dead zones are an annoyance when we're talking during his commute home, but that annoyance becomes a bigger problem when it means dropped calls in the middle of on the go conference calls.  I figured it was worth a shot to see if the iBooster could really increase his cell phone signal.To test out this device my husband set it up and then called and talked to me when he got to the areas near where his phone always loses it signal.  The end result was the device worked as advertised.  In two out of the three dead zones the signal held up well at full strength (5 bars) with no digitized sounds.  In the third dead zone, the phone showed a solid connection but my voice came through digitized and unclear.My husband had a few complaints about the practicality of this device.  His first issue was with the design of the device.  It creates interference with voice activated dialing since the microphone is at the bottom of the phone and is obstructed by the housing of the iBooster.  He had to hold the device and phone up to his face and yell at it in order to get the voice activated dialing to work.  He took issue with the claim that the iBooster is compatible with most iPhone cases.  He has a very slim case and he had to remove the case to mount the phone in the iBooster.  He found this annoying.  His next complaint is that the iBooster will only charge your phone and boost the signal.  That's great if all you do is talk on your iPhone, but for those of us who use our iPhones to listen to music or podcasts in the car, the iBooster has very limited use.  He felt the iBooster would be awesome if it had an FM tuner.  The single mode of operation make this product seem illogical for the average user given the price.  He also noted that the back of the iBooster gets very hot.The bottom line is this product does what's it's supposed to do, but it has some quirks.  This device would make the most sense for someone who spends a lot of time in their car while conducting business on their phone.
First, some notes on the booster:It seems to do what it says. There's no way for me to measure, but it may very well boost your signal by 20 times. That's amazing.Also, my favorite feature is the "pass-through" connector on the cradle, allowing you to use other accessories while it's boosting & charging (i.e., so I can plug it into my radio & listen to my music WHILE it's boosting and charging).And, set-up and instructions are easy to follow.Regarding the error message: "Device is not supported". This is a common error message with 3rd party accessories, and not unique to this product. Also, the error message shouldn't hinder the function of the booster. Part of the problem is Apple intentionally makes it difficult to use gear from 3rd parties - SHAME ON YOU, Apple.So you never know if it's a real problem, or Apple just being greedy. Every time I see messages like this, I think of companies like Apple being the jealous ex-girlfriend, who doesn't like you hooking up with new brands of accessories!!!Anyway, 4 things on the unsupported device message: (1) Friends who use phones not purchased directly from their provider (i.e., an unlocked phone) get this message much more often. If this is the case, you may need to restore it again from scratch if your accessories are not working.(2) Make sure the connection is good (no debris, dust, etc).(3) Sometimes the message just goes away after a few minutes. Please note that if your phone is not charging while in the cradle, it *may* start charging if/when the error message goes away. (Anyone have a comment on this???)(4) If the connection is good, and it's an original phone, try this: When the error appears, turn OFF your iPhone while it's docked, and turning it back on. Often times (maybe 50-75% of the time), when the device reboots with the new accessory attached, it will not give you the message.Wish I had a 100% fix on this, but like I said, Apple apparently does this on purpose so reliable workarounds are not always possible. Nonetheless, I hope this was helpful. Please leave comments if you have any new ideas...and enjoy your boosted signal!
There are several spots on the commute to/from work that we always have problems with dropped calls and it's in an area where if you break down, the next person might not come along for a bit so I always worried about our safety.  This product has eased my worries and it really does work in boosting the signal.  We tested it in those areas and it reliably boosted it where we could make calls without a problem.  For that peace of mind alone I give it 5 stars.  The set-up was easy, with clear and concise instructions and I appreciate that, I'm a person who admittedly has no patience for detailed, long-winded instructions.  Often times you get a product like this and it's a let down when it doesn't work so I'm stoked that wasn't the case with this and it actually does what it claims to do.
Both my husband & I are using AT&T; - I'm on an iPhone, he is not. He has resisted getting an iPhone because until he & I met a couple of years ago, he only experienced dropped calls very rarely. Whenever we are speaking, or if I am speaking to anyone else on my iPhone, I lose the signal 3 times minimum and have to re-dial. This is a notorious problem with the iPhone that has only experienced minor improvement after some software updates.I frequently lose signal strength in some areas in the greater DFW metroplex. I was anxious to try out this kit that could make my phone more accessible (ie, not flopping around in the passenger seat or next to the emergency brake) and reduced dropped calls.There was an adhesive mount and A/C vent mount included. I have learned from experience never to put adhesive on my dash. I live in Texas and when the sun comes out in the summer, volcanos send sympathy cards to the asphalt! Any adhesive will turn runny, sticky and unable to hold onto anything with more weight than a postage stamp when your car sits out in the hot Texas sun. I've always been strongly mechanically inclined and had to fiddle with the A/C vent mount for 45 minutes before I finally threw my hands up in the air with modest defeat. I decided it was ok for it to hang from one side and bounce around - if only I could get better signal strength.In fairness, I have a new VW Beetle... they are known for their large sloping dashes, steep angled windshields, etc. There may be no good way to mount this in a Beetle with a 'universal' kit.Sliding the phone in the cradle and getting it to properly mount on the 30 pin connector is not a one-handed procedure. I had to take the mount off the A/C vent and pull on the plastic in the front to get my iPhone 3GS to finally properly seat onto that connector. That was about as frustrating as trying to get the cradle onto the vent, then trying to remove it.I watched the video, followed the instructions step by step and mounted the magnetic antenna. I was disappointed to see that the antenna that came with the kit was wired so that no matter how you mounted the antenna, there was access to a cable that someone could vandalize. When you live in a city like Dallas, people cut such cords just for fun. I ran the lengthy (nice length for routing along door/floor trim) cable under my seat and up the side of the interior of the Beetle and ran the cord out the top of the hatch back where the rubber trim protected the cord from being crimped. The small antenna has a strong magnet - strong enough to keep that thing mounted even in strong winds. I sometimes go to the mall or shopping and will put a jacket on top of things I don't want people getting tempted by. A cunning thief need only tug on the antenna if they notice the cord, to pull the cradle along the car interior to move the jacket out of the way to see what is underneath. No, they won't be able to just pull the whole kit-n-kaboodle out of the car without breaking some glass, but it is something to think about. The kit provides a list of available antennas, including a glass mount which would avoid such problems, that can be acquired for the kit. It' s shame that a glass mount antenna was not included from the get-go.After going through all of this frustration, I drove around and made some calls. In areas where I know I typically get less than 5 bars, I saw no improvement. I'd unseat the phone and pop it into the cradle - the familiar charging beep could be heard and the battery symbol showed a lightning bolt through it - it was seated - antenna was securely attached, cable was not crimped - and no improvement. Not only was there no improvement, two people I called said that there was an echo when I talked. The minute I'd pull the phone out of the cradle, the echo would go away. I was using the Apple-provided earbuds, not the speaker phone.During the demo video, the viewer can clearly see an improvement in signal strength. I saw no such improvement. This could have to do with the car and the area in which I live, but I know I was underwhelmed either way and frustrated with the difficulty in getting my iPhone in the cradle (this is without a case on the phone, of course) and trying to mount the cradle in my car.
Wilson Electronics iBooster 805201 Cell Phone Signal Cradle Booster really improves your iPhone signal reception.  Though it (MSRP) is a bit expensive, it works and will help a lot if you live or travel in area with weak signal.  This Wilson iBooster will also charged your iPhone.  And with the pass through iPhone connector, you can access other functions/accessories like listening to the music while the iPhone is on the Cradle.Pros:1. Easy to install (plug and play)2. Really boost signal (which means Fewer dropped calls, faster data rates, and clearer cell phone reception)3. Pass through iPhone connector allows you to convenienly access to accesories while the phone is being charged4. Mounting accesories and magnet-mount antenna are includedCons:1. The MSRP is a bit expensive2. The cradle covers the iPhone speaker3. The cradle makes it harder to press some of the keyboard (around the edges)Sidarta Tanu
If you're not familiar with Wilson's products, they are top notch quality.  This booster is no exception.  It provides both a direct (in cradle) signal boost, but also will boost many GSM AT&T; phones if you are within a few feet of the cradle. Sweet!  My only disappointment is the antenna cable is not long enough to run to the trunk area of most mid size cars.  I don't really want it on the top of my car or my hood, so I have made it an emergency repeater... see bottom of review.Pros:* VERY well made* Multiple mounting options* Provides a signal boost to many AT&T; phones, not just iPhone, if you are close proximity to the cradle. (This feature is mentioned in the manual)* Pass through charger as well as switch on the 12V plug are nice options!Cons:* Antenna cable is too short for trunk mounting on mid size cars.Since I don't want to have this antenna sticking up on my car roof, and AT&T; coverage is not too bad in my area, I have actually re-purposed this to provide strong AT&T; signal to my emergency AT&T; cell phone down in my underground storm shelter.  It works great down there and provides me with 5 bars underground on a Nokia phone!I highly recommend if you don't mind the roof mounting of the antenna.  (You could probably purchase an extension somewhere to take it all the way to the trunk.)
While this product does deliver on its promise to boost the signal somewhat, it does not guarantee that you will have fewer dropped calls on the AT&T; network.  AT&T; is overloaded with iPhones and other 3g devices and thus we are facing an overwhelmed network...which is why we drop calls.  A better signal you will get with this product..but it will not help you with dropping calls.  How can I confirm this?Number one - I have an iPhone 3GSNumber two - I have a Blackberry Bold 9700Both 3G devices.The signal strength around my home is a bit on the weak side and thus this product does improve reception...but the amount of calls I drop remains the same after multiple weeks of testing.I am giving it 3 stars due to the increase in strength but it does not help you avoid call drops.Hope this helps
Didn't think i would find these for an old brick samsung.  Help up its charge with no problem.  Lets see how many months i can it last.
This battery arrived on time and works OK but is slightly thicker than the original and it is hard to get the back cover back on.It lasts as long as the original did (when new) and otherwise works fine. The blue door DID NOT fit my phone luckily I did not need it anyway.All in all, a decent buy for the money!
This was a very inexpensive battery to fit the phone that died on me. It is basically the same battery only a different company I guess. It charged up quickly. Can't go wrong here!
These batteries are less expencive than others, and don't keep a charge as long. They work best if phone is in range and doesn't need to search for a signal.
I had problems with the seller on Amazon sending me the wrong one then wanting me to send it back which would have cost more than I paid for the battery. They finally ate it and sent me the correct one.Works fine, holds a good charge. My phone was having issues where it wouldn't stay connected on a call and this fresh battery fixed that. With my old battery, even though it showed good battery charge and I would leave it on the charger overnight the charge would only last part of a day on standby. With this new battery my phone will standby for about 3 days without using it.
However, it is the new design (just slightly different and a different label, but it fits into the phone), and works perfect.
I put this new battery in a cellphone and it was a waste of money. Cellphone dies every day because battery is low. Don't bother buying this.
Well definitely this is one of the slimmest silicone iPhone covers I've ever seen. And despite of that, it does provide "OK" protection (I've drop it a couple of times now with no impact on chassis). However I kept wondering if the sellers have two models, a quality one and a sloppy one, because many reviewers have praise the quality of this skin case. Unfortunately mine is definitely sloppy. The cut outs are not even, they don't fit correctly at the camera side nor the silencing lever. For me the worst part is that, since it fails to provide a firm grab, it moves around to much to the point that I'm always pushing out the screen protector (which comes with the skin case and is in fact pretty good) from the edges of the phone .Honestly I was expecting a little more even despite the price.
Don't waste your time. This item came ripped when it arrived and never fit my old iphone. Keep looking for something else!
useful. came on time. worked well enough to cover your phone. lasted for a fairly long time. it is good
My young grand daughter felt left out as eveyone else has an Iphone so this case was perfect to give her one of the old Iphones for games and to use like an Ipod.
I LOVE white & this case is so awesome! Have had so many compliments & I have several different colors. This one is my favorite though! VERY quickly delivered, packaged safely & price is AMAZING!!  =)
I love the slip on jelly type cell phone cases but the color was not accurate to the picture and it would not stay on my phone at all.  If I even picked it up the cover would just slide right off.  :(  At least it was super cheap though so I didn't waste a lot of money on it.
It is bright pink and very durable.  I cannot miss it in my purse.  It is nice and very affordable.
The case does not fit my phone well.  It is loose and tends to fall off.  It is an okay product but not for my I phone.
This Smartphone Cover is excellent. I really like it because it gives better protection to my Smartphone. This is soft, it's easy donning the phone, protects well. In short: always buy this product to protect my Iphone.
Good product.  Rubberized for grip and protection. Screen protectors must be applied perfectly or the cover pulls it up.  Good price.
I wanted something sturdier to protect my iphone.  I thought this was very flimsy and not at all sturdy enough for protection.  I would not recommend this case.
I bought this for a friend who loves YELLOW. She is very happy with it, it fits perfect and adds a good amount of protection.
Nope to floppy! And u sent three i only ordered one. Thanks anyway!! Happy sales to you all. Pink black
The case is fine and its cheap but the better question is, why do you still have an iPhone 3?
Hi i just recently purchased this case and love it. Its not exactly the same color as the picture, i noticed that it is a lighter green (kinda looks like it glows in the dark) & is see thru but i actually love it because its different and the apple logo on the back of the phone is noticeable through the phone case. Definitely worth the price! I would even spend $8 on this phone case.
Really basic, but great price and a year later it is still perfect. It protects the phone and that is all I really care about.
When I got my 3GS iPhone 19 months ago, I made the mistake of purchasing an overpriced, metal cover from the AT&T; store. Within only a few months, the paint on it started wearing off in ugly patches, and after only a few drops of my phone, pieces started falling off it. I put off buying another case far too long because I made another wrong assumption--that I couldn't find an outstanding cover that I really like, which will not crack, break or lose its color, at a reasonable price right here on Amazon. Instead, within minutes of searching for a cover, I found this one, which is exactly what I wish I had been savvy enough to purchase from the beginning.I'm a fan of silicone for kitchen utensils, and based on that experience, I am confident that this case will not break if I drop my phone, and provide much better cushioning protection than cases of metal or cloth. Silicone also has terrific water-repellent properties.This case comes in a wide range of colors, something for every possible taste. I purchased red, and it is an extremely nice shade, deep and rich. The case also has a decorative pattern traced in it, which looks like the swirling lines in a piece of wood and is quite attractive. The feel of the silicone in my hand is the best part of all for me. It is smooth and soft and warms to the hand, with no rough edges or cold feel that my metal case had. It's almost as much fun to hold in my palm as my siliconestress ball.Another advantage is that this is a one-piece case that slips over my phone easily. It fits my phone perfectly, adding no bulk at all.
Liked this cover and was good until it began to stretch out.  But overall, a recommendation to anyone who wants a nice rubber cover.
A very trendy phone cover  it fit very smug and it is very fashionable ... Also the price was right
this is a great case i just dont use it that much because it doesnt really protect my phone from being damage
I checked to make sure I ordered the correct iPhone case before ordering, just to make sure since I ordered it expedited mail, which in reality cost more than the item itself. My iPhone case broke and I can't afford to replace a cell phone so I needed a case immediately. This case is slippery when you put it in. It covers up the volume buttons, although it does have little "bumps" where the volume buttons are but they are slippery. The cover also partially covers up the camera lense. It is impossible to take a photograph with the case on. Truly, this item is total garbage. I should have spent the extra money for the Otterbox. Mine last for over a year and held up to everything!
This is just an ok  product. The material is fine but the fit is a little off. Tried it on an iphone 3gs and it is a little loose. It stays on and everything but will come off if faced with any resistance, like a pocket. Also, it arrived a day after the estimated delivery date yet only came from wisconsin (I live in Illinois).I would not purchase this again due to so many alternative options out there.
Fits good at first.  But is starting to get a little stretched out on the sides and at bottom where charger goes in.
This cover started off ok, but after some use it started to get rubbery. When I would have my hair down it would get caught in the case and pull on my hair when I would move the phone away from my face. It would also get lint and other purse things stuck. Not a good case.
Love it!!! Plus I got it super fast, I order another one first, While looking thru pages for covers, decided to order this one too.. I recived this one before my other one, and I order the other one 3 days before this one!!! I will buy again! Thanks
This is looks just like the picture in the description and it is soft and fits good on my iphone 3g and it would fit a 3gs also it is lightweight.
This is a simple soft silicone case that surrounds the iPhone 3gs but has no solid protection.  It is okay and is fine if that is what you are looking for.
this product was terrible, it was cut up, smelled bad, did not fit phone like promised. i would not recommend for people to purchase. get an otterbox yeah they can range from 15-50$ on amazon but they protect your phone greatly and otterboxes are the best cases around.
I just Bought this for My Dad I-phone.... and it is just Gr8.... Product was just as shown and also got a screen protector and a piece of cloth to clean the screen....i doubt if u get ol that for just that amount of money........ Good Stuff n Gr8 Deal !!!!!!!
It's a cheap silicone case so don't expect perfect cut-out placement.  It does fit snugly and is better than the super cheap cases for sale on Meritline and eBay.
It was fantastic that it came in less then a week. Only problem is that the Ring/Viberate button is not really able to show. Other than that, I love it!
They are cheap and also cheap made, it is better idea spend more money to get better product i would say
I didn't like this product at all. It feels super cheap and didn't provide any drop protection. There are better cases in the same price range.
The product look just like it was advertised.  The color is more vibrant that the picture and makes it easy to find in my purse.  It is very easy to put on the phone.
This phone case is decent quality for the price, I do feel it protects my phone when I drop it. The problem is that it stretches out when pulling in and out of pockets, as well as turning the pocket inside out (classy look). It also traps all the lint and dust, something to know in advance. The wood design is pretty but once it stretches out my phone slides right out and its purpose is then null. But it's cheap enough that you can easily buy another one, or two at once.
The color is bright.  The fit is good.  Just not quite as sturdy as I would have liked.  Good buy for the money.
Bought this for my iphone, works great. Really like the yellow color and textured feel. Great for any iphone 3gs.
It was nice in color, and thats about it. The texture/ material of it made it so rough to slip into your jean pockets. It just kinda slipped around on your phone, It also collected so much lint or other materials... I wouldnt get this if i was you
It does it's job, and you get what you paid for. I liked these cases for my 3GS but i wouldn't buy it for a 4 if they even sell them for it.
It's in perfect condition but slides off my phone when I'm using it in any way. It's not for the Apple IPhone 3GS.
It fit perfectly and is made of great quality. I recommend it for any iphone 3 user. It really protect the phone.
soft rubber and loose fit. rubs against my pocket fabric and it is never easy to take out. good protection tho. good price.
its great mostly because i love jelly covers! it fits on the phone perfectly & prevents your phone from breaking and or having the screen messed up.
This cover fits well on my I-phone 3. I mainly bought it to protect the back of my phone from scratching when I put the phone down on a desk or rough surface. Can't complain about the prices which is very good.
Payed under $14.00 for this brought for my son great product, wish I had brought one for myself because the price is to crazy now
My wife has small ears and can't use a bluetooth that goes into her ear. This one fits over her ear and works great. I was skeptical since the quality of sound my not be as good with an over the ear bluetooth but this one sounds great. Plantronics has another great product. Plantronics has never disappointed me. Great customer service too!
i don't give it 5 stars because sometimes the sound is not that clear when i speak. i am not heard by others sometimes as well as i hear them.
Its a great blue tooth. I use it for my ps3. The only thing I wish it had was, a mute button. I click the control button once and it doesn't turn off, but it disconnects. Then I have to go into the audio settings on the ps3 and re-connect it. It doesn't do it on its own like most headsets.
This headset worked well, even when driving the car or waiting for the bus.  I've had issues with other headsets in high-background-noise situations; this headset never ceased to perform.  I would definitely recommend it.
I never had a bluetooth before. It will come in handy for my n9000 phone which is too big to hold up to my ear.
It is been 2 weeks now and I am quite happy with the head set. The battery life is good and voice quality is very clear. I am not comfortable with the ear loop as it takes time to fix it. But once it is sit the ear, then it is very comfortable and no pain to use. Overall I liked it and recommend it.
Purchased this for a friend and she's very pleased.It paired easily, works well, and charges quickly.Let's hope she hangs onto this one! lol
I ran over my last bluetooth which was also Plantronics, a 360 if I remember correctly.  My only compliant with the last one is that I felt that it didn't go loud enough sometimes.  This one does NOT have that problem.  I can hear very well and those that I talk to actually hear me VERY loud that they have to turn their phone volume down.  It's very clear to hear on both ends of the conversation.  It paired right up with my iPhone5, which is nice because the last one would have occasional trouble (although I assumed it was the iPhone, it appears it may not be!).  This was a great purchase.  Should I run this one over, I'll surely buy another.
everything was alright i guess the shipping was on time and boxing and everything was all good its just that when the headset is putted into r hear there that strange feeling in ur ear saying i dont like the comfort......but its all good to have it around though good luck All
item is a basic blue tooth it works great and very easy to use. good value and qualtiy  for the money
This headset works great. I purchased it because you can connect it with 2 handsets at once. I won't be able to try that feature until the beginning of next year but so far, it's working perfectly with 1 handset.UPDATE: really loving this headset! It does connect with 2 handsets at the same time so you don't need to keep switching with different devices.
I bought this because my Dad is always losing his ear pieces so I figured this would be a good one to try in case he lost another.  He loves this one.  Says the quality is great, especially since his hearing is slowly going.  Says it is very comfortable too!  Works perfect and I will be purchasing more backups!
This Bluetooth has out lasted a lot of my phon. I live in Wisconsin a very cold state and one thing i can say is that it has never giving out on me. I have even left it in my car when the weather was at it's coldest and it still works. I would highly recommend this product.
I switched to this one from a Motorola which just hanged off my ear. This thing fits nicely in my ear and can get loud enough for you to hear in almost any condition. I like the two phone use also even though I haven't tried it since I only have one phone. It's small so it doesn't stick out and the light is not so bright that all you see while driving at night it a blue flashing light.
Due to the poor sound quality, I threw this cheapie in my laptop bag as a backup. I bought aPlantronics M20 Bluetooth Headset - Retail Packaging - Graphite/Blackfor daily use. It has much better sound quality, plus I like the sliding on-off switch.
I really wanted to like this charging station, but it turned out to be a huge pain in the butt all the time.  First I had to buy so many accessories (mini surge protector, 2-in-1 USB cords) that it ended up being much more expensive than I anticipated.  Then whenever I needed to adjust the cords for a new device or to move a device in the grass I had to open it up -- HUGE TIME SUCK.  Finally the two top layers are quick flimsy...I bought an iDapt i4 Charger as a replacement -- I wanted something sleek and modern looking -- and have been thrilled with its performance and ease.
Before I say anything else: Yes it is true, this is a just a plastic box with plastic grass.We were in need of some type of charging station/cable organizer. All other options we explored were either eyesores or were very cumbersome. While its true this comes with no cables, it is an easy way to organize and hide your existing adapters while looking rather unique and stylish.Thankfully I purchased this on sale. I don't think I would've paid $20+ for this.
I had been considering buying this since I saw it on ThinkGeek.  I love the look and concept, its elegant and simple.  Then I realized there was no plug included.  Paying 25 dollars for a white box with artificial grass is a bad buy.  Supply the user with a built in 3-5 ac or usb hub at the bottom and I would happily spend double the asking price.  Why buy something that will only work if you purchase another... seems backward.
I like this product to a point.I was looking for something cute that would hide all the ugly cords and things to all my items that have to charge! This is it! I love how it hides cords and keeps items within easy reach.However! I have had some of the grass fall out and I would recomend gluing it in place if you just squish your items in the grass as I do.Also I charge my iPhone, Kindle, and Headset in this patch of grass and I have had trouble with the Kindle just falling out! So Make sure that you have a bit of room if you are charging bigger items!MAKE SURE THAT YOU BUY...A surge protector!Belkin Mini Surge Protector Dual USB ChargerYou will need it and I bought the one above because it has more then just plug room so I can save that space and use the Kindle and iPhone USB charge plugs.It will help protect your items and help you get into this grass.PS my Husband did NOT want this for his nightstand...
this is a very nice accesorie for your room or house, it looks very cute on my knight table.a little simple but nice
I bought this as a backup battery for myBlackBerry Bold 9650 Phone (Verizon Wireless)for my trip to Hungary.  Though the label on the battery says it is for the Storm, both the Bold and the Storm uses the same battery, so no worries.  It shipped in a small plastic bag (with two other batteries I purchased for other phones), and the batteries were in a padded larger envelope.  At first, I was not sure what to expect from this battery.  However, I was not dissapointed.  After charging overnight, the battery held a charge under a normal day's use using the phone for calls, texting, music, and data-intensive web browsing and email.  The battery indicator showed I only used half the battery's charge (which is on par with the original battery).  I switched batteries when the charge ran empty, and after using it for several weeks (alternating batteries after complete discharge) I cannot tell which battery was the original and which is the backup.  I labelled the backup battery (this review) with "OEM" to discern the difference.A colleague lent me herBlackBerry Micro USB Extra Battery Charger (D-Series), which is a great add-on to charge (and carry) a spare battery.  It seems highly recommended to completely discharge a battery prior to recharging (though this can be debated).  Having this spare charger will allow me to use up all the battery power of one battery, pop on the fully-charged battery, and charge the spent battery.I did not encounter any problems reported by other reviewers.  The vendor is BTO, Inc.  For 25% (or less) the cost of retail, I would buy this battery and other batteries from this seller again.(BTW, the other two batteries were also functional and able to hold a charge.  I replaced the original batteries of two other phones that could not even hold a charge for half a day.  With these replacement batteries, they hold a charge for several days.)
The original battery in my bb8900 stopped holding charge after almost 2 years.  I have replaced it with this battery that I purchased from  BTO, Inc, and now my phone can go 2+ days wihout recharge.One note about the little water exposure sticker.  This battery has an absolutely white sticker, but the sticker on the original battery had a pink line from the time I bought BB8900 from T-Mobile.  Some have commented that pink line means the battery has been exposed to water, but I don't think so because my original battery had the pink line since it was brand new.  Regardless, the battery works and at the price I am completely satisfied with it.
Verizon wanted almost $40 dollars for this battery I got it for under $10, and it is new. Why would you pay so much?
this worked great while i had the phone, it is a battery and I had no issues charging or with the fitment.
like it.  great to see good quality oem stuff.  wish there was more oem stuff available like chargers.  hard to find true oem chargers.
This is the genuine BlackBerry battery for $30 less than what Verizon wanted to charge me.  It holds a charge for as long as the original.
These batteries are typically double to triple the cost in the stores and Amazon again has shown it can offer a product at a great price.  Glad to see someone is providing name-brand batteries at a reasonable price.The batteries work as well as the original and are authentic blackberry components.  How Amazon offers such great prices is beyond me.
Offers a small yet firm pouch for carrying any bluetooth headset that fits.  No longer using it, because I got a bigger headset, but the product is still very good.
Its a little big for my plantronics m-50 & the zipper keeps colapsing when zipping/unzipping. The case itself is durable im just not happy with the zipper design.
I love this case. I am able to keep not just my Bluetooth with the ear hook in it (Blue Ant T1) but also a set of wired earphones, the directions for my Bluetooth, two bus tokens, a lanyard, and extra Bluetooth ear covers. It is only the size of the palm of your hand. It has a net pocket inside and hard bodied. Perfect for protecting in your purse or backpack. No more magician pulling of headphones for me. No more pinched/broken wires or cracked Bluetooth casings. If your a roughian on cell accessories like me, This case is a MUST!
The case arrived quickly and serves it purpose. Its enough to keep your headset safe from the daily hazzards yet, small so it does not seem bulky.
I carry my Plantronics Voyager Pro+ in it and a retractable micro USB cable for when I'm on the go. It comes in handy at work, just plug the micro USB cable in the computer to keep my Skyrocket charged.  This case protects both very well.
I keep my Thinksound TS-02, Klipsch S4-A Image and Klipsch Reference S4 Premium In-Ear Monitors in that case, and Plantronics HD Pro headset, they all fit nicely, with the good protection level. Lightweight, nice materials, good zipper.
I've been using this for a few months, and there is room enough for a few more doo dads like a usb memory key... the case is hard enough to protect the contents.
I was able to stick in a 32 GB USB (the new ones that are pretty small) and a bluetooth headset into this case. Its real small, I can easily place it in the front of my back pack. This is one of the best cases I have purchased with amazon and you will not be disappointed with your purchase
This is a well-constructed case that will hold just about any cellphone WI-FI earpiece.  No more fumbling around looking for the earpiece, and more than ample protection for drops, etc.
Everything is as promised with a mesh pocket on the inside. Seemed like a good buy buy tbh i never end up using it since im almost always wearing or charging my bluetooth.
it protects the blue tooth
I like this product, because it is small and fits in my purse nicely.  My one complaint is that even though it has a hard shell which protects my bluetooth from damage, it can be squeezed and sometimes my bluetooth gets turned on while in it.  It can be annoying, but it's not too big a deal.  Overall I would say this product is mildly flawed but acceptable.
I really like the case & it's great for traveling so u don't break your ear bud. However, I'm not using it right now b/c my ear bud I bought to go with it died right away. I intend to use it when I replace my ear bud. I also bought one for my husband but he said it was too big & bulky to use for everyday use like in a pocket so u don't have to wear your ear bud around & look like u are on Star Trek. That was the main reason I purchased it. Oh, well.
I can't count how many bluetooth headsets I have broken by putting them in a pocket.  This case has room not only for a Bluetooth headsets (with a couple extra ear loop[s, just in case, and a set of earbuds as well.  Both well protected in the case/  Now OK to put in the pocket. :)
I originally bought this to protect my Jawbone while it was stored in my purse.  When the Jawbone battery died, I switched to a BlueAnt & it now receives the same protection as the Jawbone previously did.  I find the case to be sturdy.  It has lasted through the abuse my purse receives during my busy days & my Bluetooth remains intact!!!  I think it would work just as well in pants pockets also.  I liked it so much that I've purchased a 2nd one to give to a friend who is always breaking his Bluetooth by stuffing it unprotected in his pocket.  Now the only excuse he'll have for breaking his Bluetooth is that he's too lazy to put it in the carrying case!!!
I bought this to secure my Bluetooth.  It does what it is supposed to, keeps it from getting smooshed and  broken while flopping around my car like a tuna.  It's a bluetooth case and it works - what more do you want!
I just love this. Very supportive for my bluetooth headset. As a female my bag is full of so much crap but this does the trick. No problems at all.
A good case to keep all the Jabra accessories accessible and in one place. Small enough to pack or carry with you.
I have a &#34;Jabra Wave Corded 3.5mm Headset&#34; that I wanted to put in this Pouch, but this Pouch is too small!!If the pouch were 40% bigger, it would be a great product!!
This case is perfect for a Bluetooth earpiece. It has a hard outside shell with a soft lining to prevent scratching. great product
Cute. I use it to store my bluetooth cellPhone ear piece. One side of twin zippersGets stuck and won't move, so I justUse one zipper. It's ok.
I received this and it worked probably the first 4 times and then the zipper broke. I would use the zipper only twice a day and I was very disappointed that it broke so quickly. I guess you get what you pay for it was  enexpensive and so was the material as well.
I love this this think.  Now I will not lose my Bluetooth.  Great compartments.  I am going to get more.
I GIVE IT TO MY DAUGHTER AND SHE IS VERY PLEASE WITH IT.  FILL OUR EXPECTATIONS AND I SHARE IT WITH OTHERS AND MY FRIENDS.
Good product blue tooth fits snugly and keeps it clean and ready to grab out of my purse.  As shown......
This case hold everything for my bluetooth. My phone is a LG but this case is perfect and made sturdy and strong to last.
Handy little pouch. It could be a little sturdier. It also was a little larger than I expected. Too big for my bluetooth which is why I bought it.
I like it because I have (4) bluetooths and they all fit conveniently in this case.  The case itself is very attractive.
Just Right for a bluetooth piece. You could maybe fit some headphones in there also. Picture displays true size. Very small. Like I said, enough room for a blootooth headpiece. Like it very much.
I got it about the time they said I would get it and I use it all the time when I am not using my bluetooth
Nifty little case for a cell phone hands free earpiece. She likes the color and the size, what more can I say?
I love these little thing for bluetooth headsets.  Before I decided on getting this for my new bluetooth I was constantly hunting for it because I couldn't remember where I put it down not to mention how small they are...now as soon as I am done w/my headset it goes right in the case and I know exactly where I left it (in the car ha!).Thank you as well for the fast delivery I was shocked it came a few days earlier then expected.
Love this little Case. Great for carrying your headsets or anything else small you may want to carry. And I Love the Color...
This is way too big to carry in a pocket (unless it's a big jacket pocket. I needed a place to put my bluetooth that would protect it and I could keep it in my pocket so I wouldn't lose my 3rd (or is it 4th) bluetooth headset. This will be useful to somebody with a large purse that they keep losing their headset in - you'll find this puppy!So I'm still looking for something to keep my bluetooth headset in when I'm not using it but want it with me for quick access.
This is the protective &#34;box&#34; I keep my BT in.  the color means I never lose it......for long!The case is hard enough to resist all the bangs and jostling it gets in my bag, and other people notice andask about it!  It also makes it possible to cut down on the amount of time it is on my ear....and reduce the amount of EMF to which I am exposed.
I inadvertently sat on a bluetooth headset once when it was in my pocket - this case avoids that very issue.  It isn't too big, but protects the headset nicely.  Can be left in the car or tossed in a purse or briefcase and easily found.
This pouch is exactly what I needed to protect my bluetooth headset. It is just the right size and is very cute. Does the job very nicely.
I bought this case for my Plantronics M155 after my dog pilfered the headset from my desk.  It's just the right size to hold 2 of these tiny bluetooth headsets perfectly.  One side has a net, where I keep the slightly damaged headset as a backup.  The inside usable space is 2.75" x 2.25".  Depth inside is just under 1".  I've been using it for a few weeks now and there are no signs of wear or zipper issues.
Great product. Convenient to store bluetooth so it won't get lost or damaged.Bought it for my husband, he loves it.
Nice to carry this in my purse for my Head phones and other small items for my sell phones -
A cute little case that feels great, is more than big enough and offers total protection when your not using your ear piece. It came with a key Fab and lil slip noose to secure to whatever able attach to key chain or case. That wasn't even mentioned as being included. The postage was a little more than I expected but I blame Amazon for not including individual postage quotes for each item on every order! Getting tired of surprise postage amounts that are twice or three times as much as the product you purchased!!!
I bought this case for my wife to keep her bluetooth headset. She keeps it in the car and keeps the headset in it when it is not in use. Consequently her headset is lasting much longer than without the case. We've gone through several headsets because they get broken in the car because they fall on the floor or something is dropped on them.This is an inexpensive worthwhile purchase. The case is hard so it does not crush easily.
I actually purchased this for my girlfriend to use with her Plantronics Voyager Pro. It fit perfectly and keeps the headset protected while in her purse.
I like this little case a lot. It is a hard case and protects my product well. Plus it is small enough to put in my purse. It is adorable taboot.
Love the carrying case. Told everyone I have come in context with about my case. you have somewhere to put your Bluetooth in and not have to look for your Bluetooth.
love it.  works wonderful. Love the color as well. I even bought some as gifts. It can be used for just about anything.
I recently broke the ear hook on my jawbone because I wasn't using a case to protect it.  This case will solve that problem.  The green is a great color and makes it easy to find in my purse.
I like it because of the size and the color. The only thing is the zipper. I sometimes have trouble zipping it.
Smaller then the photos make it out to be. My charger did not fit in the case. Although my Bluetooth did fit fine. The case was a little big for only a BT but too small to also place charger int he case. Which defeats my needs (travel needs) for the case.
I love this case,  I really do.  It's useful for so many things.  I want another.only flaw is that it is a little crooked.  not shaped perfectly.  If you're OCD,  id suggest not getting this.  Order this only if you don't mind the item being a little crooked -  its really not that bad  (i ordered two... one in pink and one in bronze and they both have a little crookedness to them).  I only noticed the flaw in them because im slightly OCD.  but i don't stare at the item enough to care.  I just fling it in my purse.THIS is the perfect size for the new 6th Gen iPOD nano.  iPod Shuffle. Headphones.  Bluetooth,  Square Credit Card Swiper for ipod/ipad/iphone.  Memory Cards/SD cards. DS Games.I CANT fir my Bluetooth Charger and Bluetooth into this - which sucks.  I wanted to buy more to store my two older bluetooth headsets and chargers in.I Can fit my Blackberry Sync cable in,  my Motorola bluetooth headset and dock for it (not the charging wire though,  but can use blackberry sync cable to charge through laptop),  can also fit my apple earbuds in, a few SD cards,  and my Square swiper.  thats a lot for a case this small.  Keeps everything safe and non crushable!Was gonna buy another for my new 6th gen NANO (perfect size for nano, sync cable, little plug for wall, and earbuds),  but then saw a speck case that looked neat too.I'll see if I can post some photos and a video of this item up a little later.
For the money these are a good buy. I use these to replace a couple of poorly designed earbud cases. These drop right into my messenger bag and keep the buds from getting all tangled. Four stars because the zippers are cheap feeling but for the money I guess you can't expect much more.
It is exactly as advertised. It is storage and protection for my Bluetooth hearing device. I have a place for my headset when I don't need to wear it.
Love the style of this pouch. I Have another one but a different color. It help keep my bluetooth secure
I love this!  I have a Samsung Galaxy S2 cellphone, and was looking for something to keep my ear buds in that would keep them from tangling up in my purse.  This little case is awesome and has so many potential uses.  I keep my ear buds in the main section, and a spare battery for my phone in the mesh pocket.  It all fits perfectly!  It's a nice color to be able to find quickly in the bottom of my purse, and doesn't add any unnecessary bulk.  I love that it's not thick and fat like the clam shell style cases.  LOVE IT!!
I purchased this product so I can put my Plantronics M50 bluetooth. When I got it the zipper always get stucked.  I just scrubbed the candle wax around the zipper area and now I can close and open the case smoothly.
The seller did a wonderful job getting the product to me in a timely manner and I love the pouch but the zipper broke pretty quickly. I still use it just zip it up halfway to hold the bluetooth and earbud but the wire to the earbud hands out of it. I love purple so I love the look of it.The seller is excellent and would definitely use this seller again.
Sadly,. though the description says the Plantronics Voyager Pro headset fits in this case - it does not. Not even close. I unfortunately discarded the packaging so I cannot return the three I purchased. My fault. Also, the zipper closure is very tight to the point of being almost impossible to open and close. Lesson learned - order 1, check for fit, keep the packaging and return it if it does not fit because the description was wrong.
I thought this was useful to store my purple bluetooth. It holds the bluetooth and the extra hooks and earplugs.  I also had a small booklet that came with my bluetooth stored in this case.  I bought three to match the three bluetooth colors I purchased.
This case is a bit larger than necessary.  I use the excess space to stow my USB phone cable along with it.
I like it becease I can find it in my purse when I ned to find my ear place and the cored to my phone
Super cool color and holds my phone junk and is actually a very good quality lil case.  Happy happy happy.g
This is the perfect keeper for my Motorola Command Bluetooth headset.  It's a hard case and in my favorite color purple.  I can't tell you how many bluetooth headsets I have damaged (I'm thinking the count is up to 3 now in the past 6 months) by cramming them somewhere in my purse.  I am fully protected now thanks to this little case.  It works beautifully.  Highly recommend!
I LIKE THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE PROTECT VERY WELL MY BLUETOOTH AND FILL ALL MY EXPECTATIONS.  I SHARE IT WITH OTHERS
This is so convenient, I love it, It keeps me from loosing my ear piece which i done so much in the past. love the color
I purchased this item for my Plantronics Voyager Pro+. I have had a few bluetooth headsets over the years and they were either damaged or lost. I knew after purchasing a headset that I had spent a little bit more money on than the others, I had to invest in some type of protection for it. This case is perfect and the price is just right.I feel safe putting my headset in it and storing it in my pocketbook. I  believe the case is sturdy enough that my bluetooth won't get crushed. I am very satisfied with my purchase. I like the feel of it, and it's not too big. My bluetooth fits snug in it. Thank You Very Much :)ETA: I also like the fact that I can fit my extra battery for my Evo 3D along with my Bluetooth. I was going to buy an extra case for my battery, but now I don't. :)
The carrier is great! I love it, before I was always losing my bluetooth and now I never do. It's great. I'm so glad I bought it and it's much bigger than I thought it would be, you could fit 2 or 3 bluetooths in there or somethng else. I definitely recommend it.
I bought this for my Bluetooth. I found that I was loosing my Bluetooth to much. it is small and black and blended in with everything. This handy pink hard case is easy to find. I can also but a couple of Flash drives in with my Bluetooth.
This carrying case is large enough to accommodate a variety of headsets.  The zipper closure works smoothly and keeps the headset secure.  The bright color is fun and makes it easy to find.
Great storage tool for bluetooth devices as well as ear buds. Very solid construction, quality zipper as well. I like the selection of covers as well.
I like this case so much I purchased two of them. One I use for my Bluetooth and the other I use to carry earbuds. Its nice, bright, pink color is both attractive and easy to spot inside my purse. The fabric this case is constructed from wipes clean with a damp cloth. The wrist strap is handy, and the sides are firm enough to be a good protection for anything stored inside.Highly recommended.
The hot pink bluetooth pouch is perfect for my blutooth. I know where to put and find it all the time and it don't get lost inside my bag.
I cannot say MORE POSITIVE COMMENTS @THIS CASE!! IT'S adorable & easy to find due to its color (that WSS intended) and it keeps my cat from having my latest earbuds destroyed & chewed IN HALF! (THIS IS PAIR #4!!)!! SO FAR,  SO GOOD!!! :-) HAHA! ! THOUGH I WAS DETERMINED THAT MY BRAND NEW SONYS WOULD SURVIVE:**&#60;AND THEY HAVE!!! :-) I EVEN BOUGHT AN ADAPTOR TO MATCH BC THE PRICE WAS SO GOOD & COLOR JUST CUTE!!!
My girlfriend love this little baby. Small and stylish but large enough for most Bluetooth. May get another color in the future
Perfect size to store and protect my new bluetooth headset. The sides actually have some support to them, not just a bag.
Love that it isn't too hard so it bulges in your bag but, it is hard enough that even when you bag is full you needn't worry about the safety of it's contents.
I love this phone.  It's was an wonderful phone.  Still has it at home.  The best phone I got.  It's an wonderful phone.
Really like the slideout keyboard. Screen is responsive but could be brighter. Eats small battery so that one to two charges per day are required (but small battery). Decent antenna. Great buy for price.
I've had this phone for about a year and generally like it.  I bought it to be able to access the internet and check my online calendar and email.  As a voice and text phone, it functions quite well.  However the internet and "smartphone" features are pretty weak.The default browser on the phone is just "ok", but doesn't support the necessary security protocols to be able to access my webmail.  It also has a bunch of super annoying "locked" bookmarks, which you can't modify or remove.  I bought the darned phone, shouldn't I at least be able to set up bookmarks in my own browser?  Regardless, what I would highly recommend doing is installing Opera Mini (works great) and using that instead of the default browser.  My webmail works like a charm on that.Along the same lines, there are a bunch of paid services (GPS, weather, games) which are *locked* within the menus.  The phone will allow you to remove the free services if you like, but the ones are subscription based cannot be modified.  It's as if they are saying "pleeeeaassee buy this service".  One time I accidentally activated AT&T; navigator by forgetting to lock the phone when I put it in my pocket.  Of course there was no way to opt-out through the phone, so I had to call AT&T; to get it taken care of.Physically the phone is built well, with a robust slide out keyboard.  It really snaps in and out of place very firmly and feel substantial.  After one year it's just as structurally sound as it was on day one - and yes I've dropped it a couple times.  Like most phones, the shiny front and plastic backing will become scratched over time.  Reception is generally good and dropped calls are rare.So overall this is a nice phone, but I wouldn't qualify it as a "smartphone".  If you need serious internet or multimedia features, buy and Android or iPhone.
My cousin got this phone, and has had 2 replacements and has never had it wet or even abused the phone any. It had the screen going out, turning rainbowish colors. Her second phone seems to be working, but neither of us seem to think it is an impressive phone
Already the touch screen is going out. I don't know why I even tried to go back to this phone. Its simple and the slide out keyboard is nice but overall it just stinks.
Needed a unlocked phone a full keyboard, I saw the Samsung Impression and it was just what I was looking for; great for texting, sending video messages, etc. Looking for a simple, easy to use phone, get this one!
I have mine on for over 3 months now, don't really have issues with it and didn't have to replace my first screen protector yet! It was fairly easy to apply however the microfiber cloth that comes with it is useless so use one of your own even when you need to clean your touch screen. Using a better soft cloth will definitely make your protector go further!.Once your touch screen is clean use the same soft cloth to apply the protector. Don't apply the protector all at once, smooth out a small surface area with the soft cloth as you apply a small section at a time. I managed it with just the one teeny weeny bubble  on my first try and managed just the one scratch since. Don't know why others are having a problem. I guess you have to take care of your phone to avoid such issues!It's helped me and definitely served the purpose. I also bought the silicon case from the same vendor (also a good buy). Go for it!
For $2.99, you get three screen protectors rapidly mailed to you.  That's less than a buck a piece!  They are far better than my $9.99 + shipping protector that I screwed up right away and had to throw throw.These are also cut correctly for Nokia 5800 leaving the upper right area exposed as required.  My $9.95 one was not.Terrific value, terrific price, fast shipping.  What more can you ask for.
Good quality, easy to install but keep a couple o bubbles near the buttons, have tried en 2 differnts cellphones ans the same issue.
The price is great. You get three screen protectors. But for some reason when you place the screen protector on your phone it creates air bubbles, which is very hard to remove. I tried many ways to remove the air bubbles, but the air bubbles won't go away. That gives the screen a bad look. The product is made of very thin material so its almost not noticeable which is the good thing about this screen protector. If only the air bubbles would not have been created this would have been a good product. But then again it could be because of my phone and may not happen to other phones.In summary, great product if you can avoid the air bubbles.
Easy to apply, very durable high quality product.  I bought way too much of them, it's not necessary to get more than 3 i think.
Unlike other screen protectors that I have purchased in the past, these are very good ones, and inexpensive.  Great value!
Con: 1-Very hard to install without bubles.  2-Size does not fit perfectly. 3-Scratched right on the first day of used! Reusable is a mislead statement.Pro: NoneUpdate: OEM shop has refunded my money, so I give this product one more stars.  As OEM shop, I willing to give it 5 stars for quick action to correct the problem.  Hopefully Accessory Export would make its product more quality.
I've used a lot of different screen protectors and options. Powersupport's cases suck, but the screen protectors are awesome. Don't mess around, just get these and no longer worry about a dreaded scratch. Stay away from the screen protectors that require a solution to apply, too much of a pain and they ripple.
I've been thru three different screen protectors for my iPhone 3G. This one was by far the easiest to install and the longest lasting.All the others took multiple tries just to get the damned things dust and bubble free. Some of them I had to throw out because they got ruined during installation.Power Support Crystal Film Set was so easy to install, I got it perfect the first time. It comes with a pre-installation screen cleaner and easy to grasp tabs to keep your protector fingerprint free.Then to top it off, it's lasted longer than any of the others! Other than a scuff in the lower left corner, it's clear as day after 3+ months in my pocket.Overall, I highly recommend this product!
I've used Powersupport Crystal Film on my various ipods and iphones over the past 5 years.  I've also strayed twice and used different brands (Zagg - more expensive, and some other, much cheaper brand).  Crystal Film works best, is not difficult to apply, and once you get it on, it will stay on and look like brand new for years, literally.  On iphone and ipod touch, the film is so invisible and causes absolutely no reduction in video or image quality or clarity.  The only way you can tell it's on is that the edges of the film (which extend to the very edge of the glass screen) are SLIGHTLY visible. But they line up perfectly with the edge of the screen, so they really do not look out of place.Installation is not difficult if you know what you're doing.  I strongly recommend you take 60 seconds and watch the video at the powersupport website - your application will be easier if you see it done and can visualize the process.Work on a dust-free table top with plenty of space.  For best results, have the following items handy:  scotch tape, microfiber cloth (such as what you'd use to clean the lenses of your glasses), and a bottle of clear liquid lens cleaner (a few bucks at any lenscrafter or eyeglass store).  (by the way, this eyeglass cleaner and microfiber cloth is really the best way to clean the display of your touch-screen devices and your laptop computer)First, clean the screen of your device by spraying the eyeglass cleaner on it and wiping it dry with the microfiber cloth.  Inspect for remaining dust by holding it at various angles and looking closely.  If needed, wipe again with the microfiber.Then, use the included pre-installation film - it's basically just a big white piece of tape, which you put on your device's screen and then pull off.  It's purpose is to remove any remaining fine dust.Then apply the crystal film.  It has a backing which you gradually remove as you apply.  Before applying, line the hole in the crystal film up with the button of your iphone, then align the edges of the crystal film with the edges of the glass display.  Gradually remove the film and apply, from the side with the button to the other side.Use your microfiber to gently rub any bubbles toward the nearest edge, or lift up a corner of the film just until the bubble comes out, then gently let the film back down.The scotch tape is useful for 2 things.  First, if you get the film on and it's not quite lined up perfectly - don't freak out - this can be fixed.  Put a small piece of tape on the corner with part of it hanging off to use as a handle, and lift the film off from the corner with one hand, use the other hand to hold the film as it comes off by the edges and to gently reposition it.The other reason to have the tape handy is in case a spec of dust gets trapped in the film.  Use one piece of tape to lift up the film partway, starting from the corner nearest the spec of dust.  Use a second piece of tape to remove the dust from the underside of the film (sticky side of tape touches the film to pull the dust off it).All this is much easier than it sounds.  It takes maybe 10 minutes.  Maybe less.  It's good to move quickly from each step to the next.  The longer you wait, the greater the chance of piece of dust floating in the air will land on the film or on the device before you finish applying the film.Once the film is on, there is no drying time needed.  You can use your device immediately.The film provides excellent protection and is extremely clear.  Like I said, you really can't tell it's on.I also tried a Zagg shield (another brand of film) because I got a new ipod touch and wanted to protect it right away, and the local best buy had zagg but no store nearby had crystal film.  The Zagg film is stronger - it's hard to poke a hold through it.  On the other hand, it feels slightly gummy on the device and clarity is a problem - you can definitely tell it's on, images and video just do not look as crisp as with the crystal film or with nothing at all.  This is not because I did a poor job installing it - in fact, I paid best buy to install it, and the person who did the installation has done this dozens of times and was quite good.  But after 4 days, I took it back, convinced the manager to refund both the purchase price and installation fee.  I could have saved myself from this hassle if I had just ordered the crystal film in the first place and waited for it to arrive.Of course, the film only protects the display, not the back or the edges of the device.  You'll surely want a case for overall protection.  If the case you buy comes with screen film, I suggest using crystal film instead.  It really is the best, and you're spending a lot of money on your device, it's worth spending a little more to protect the gorgeous display while completely preserving its clarity.
I've tried every mainstream brand of screen protector for iPhone that I could find and by far this is the best product in my opinion.  It has the fewest air bubbles and lint problems during application, it fits most perfectly compared to other brands, and holds up the best over time.I'm not kidding when I'm saying I'm a perfectionist when it comes to screen protectors for the iPhone.  If I apply one and it isn't perfect and I cannot recover it, I'll peel that puppy right back off immediately and move on to another. I've gone through Kroo, Case Mate, Krypton and other "semi-nonames" out there.Power Support is the only brand I can rely on to be top notch quality, every time.There are a couple issues I have with most other brands...1.  Most other brands are cut just a little too large for me.  I want a perfect seal around the edges.  Other brands with a larger cut size allow lint to sneak in and make it almost impossible to center.  This brand is cut perfectly to my liking as far as size goes.2.  Other brands are too "sticky" and attract lint even when applying it. It's almost impossible to get the lint off of other brands during application. This brand, once you set the center  of the protector on the screen, nearly applies itself top to bottom once you let loose of it. Not much work to get a really good application.3.  Getting air bubbles out on other brands tends to stretch the protector, and once you've stretched it it's done-- it won't fit properly again. This brand doesn't stretch.Finally, I like the texture and touch accuracy that I get with this brand.  Some other brands seem to dull or degrade the touch sensitivity a bit or make a strange texture that is difficult to slide around on.  This brand is the best of all worlds.In summary,  I have tried and retried a LOT of brands, big names, no names, etc. This is still my first an only choice when I want the chance for a "perfect" application to the point that most people cannot even tell there is a screen protector on the phone.
Read the instructions very carefully and approach the installation like brain surgery. Lint and bubbles are major threats to a clear picture and it is very difficult to avoid them. If they had included five sets of screen protector,rather than two,I might have gotten one good one. Neither of my installations was clean enough to avoid being peeled off and thrown into the trash.
When I left my high quality earbuds at home recently, I had to stop at a gas station and buy a pair. Since I have very small ears, I didn't hold out much hope, but I found these! They were priced higher than on Amazon, but they filled the bill.They fit nicely in my ears and had a decent quality of sound. The cord is sturdy. They are NOT soundproof. And they are cute. If you are considering them for a teen or child, they will enjoy them.  The teen at the counter where I bought them was seriously intrigued! he went back to buy a pair for himself.Given the reasonable quality for this price point, I am giving them four stars.
In my opinion this is  a fun working TOY.  My son uses them with his Nintendo DSi XL.  The sound quality is good enough for this purpose.  They are comfortable for him and the color is bright.  I think that because this item appeals mostly to kids, the construction could be a little more robust.  This is a second pair of M&M earbuds I purchased, one of the buds came off on the first one.
We purchased these for my 9-yr-old daughter who has trouble with the common hard plastic round variety of earphones fitting well into her smaller ears.  The smaller tips that these earphones come with fit her ears perfectly.  They stay in well, have excellent sound quality, block out noises quite well, and are very comfortable for her to wear for extended periods of time.  The second set of ear buds that came with these fit my ears so they are not too small for adults and teens to wear also.
You might think these are for kids, but trust me, they rock! I am really picky with earbuds and these are my favorite. I have been using them for months to listen to music while I work on my laptop and they have kept up, and lasted! It drowns out all my annoying coworkers and has great bass and sound. You don't need to pay lots of $$ for great quality earbuds...these deliver!
Great product that deliver good frequency range. Came with 2 sets of rubber padding one of the super small - never saw that tiny but my daughter likes it. Will see how long they will last with child use :)
I ordered two of these for gifts; one for my son. The package is really small--which is fine for ear buds, but it looked bigger in the photo. The ear buds are bright, colorful, and whimsical but....they won't stay in the ear. The bigger M & M part makes it hard to keep the device in--this needs some work.
These headphones are really cut. They also have good sound quality. I think that they are worth buying. Looks good and sounds good
Purchased these as a Mothers Day gift to my wife while I attempt to repair the failing jack on the higher-end Sk*******y pair she had been using for the last couple years.  She had also purchased a pair of bargain-grade Sk******y buds when she once lost said high-end pair about a year ago, so she fished those out prior to the weekend and used those (first) as a stand-in.  I tried them out and, while they were comfortable, they sounded gawd-awful.  Like one-star awful.  Way to use your premium name to push crappy product, Sk******y.So, wife having been successfully courted and conditioned by brand name, we ALL had low expectations for a less-than-one-Jackson pair of toy-looking "M&M;" earbuds.  At worst, the novelty of packaging and color of the buds would suffice for a Mothers Day gag gift, though I bought these on the high recommendations of the 100+ reviewers here on Amazon.Wife came up to me, grinning ear-to-ear.  "Have you heard these?", she stammered.  I put 'em in.  Better-than-decent highs, tempered midrange, nearly flat bass - holy cow, these things sound ABSOLUTELY GREAT!  And I'm not talking great-for-what-I-paid great, I mean Maxell-got-away-with-WHAT? sort of great.  "OK, hon, you're not going to believe how much I paid for them," I was coy.  She jumped in and said she thought these sounded better than BOTH her other Sk******y pairs.I took the money we saved and treated her to a really nice Mothers Day luncheon.
They are very cheap.  They were for small childred and they didn't cost that much.  Wasn't long before they were broken.
Purchased as a gift.  They are cute and seem to work well. Loved the fun packaging.  They would also be cute if the m&m piece was a bit bigger.
These are the only ear buds i use they are the best... i just cannot live without these ear buds!
I bought a few pairs of these for the kids as they really fit their small ear canals well. Now for very young kids you may want ear buds that are attenuated, but I have attenuation set on the devices they use
i bought pretty much..while ...it was even hard to the assemble them...i wont buy it any more....cheap as its price
Although "earbuds" (in reference to headphones) are a general classification, I consider there to be two different types of earbuds.  The first are earbud heaphones that just fit just over your ear canal where the speaker is just on top of the canal.  The second type of earbud headphones are the noise isolating type where the actual speaker is inserted into the ear canal with a surrounding foam or rubber tip that serves 2 functions. The first is a slight pressure to allow it to stay in place and the second is to seal the ear and isolate noise (both from the headphone & outside) at the same time.These M&M; earbuds are the latter type (noise isolating) although they don't advertise it. Practically, all earbuds with the canal tips are considered noise isolating to a certain degree (depends on the snugness of the tips themselves). Noise-isolating (in-ear) phones use a passive system, simply sealing the ear. To the 30db or so reduction in all outside noise this alone provides, sound is enhanced by being sent directly into the ear. The ratio of music to outside noise in the ear is, therefore, extremely high They need no batteries, are lightweight and compact.I initially purchased these exact same earbuds from the M&M; Store at Times Square in NYC for the exact same price that's listed on Amazon. These are made by Maxell, so you know that at least some national brand name with a decent reputation is attached to these earbuds. Unfortunately I lost that 1st set and found the exact same model replacement on Amazon.Physically, these look like oversized M&Ms; which snugly fit in your ear. Kids will like it because kids generally like that sort of thing. A bonus with these is that they come with two tips (regular and small). The regular ones are the ones that are already installed and for those of you that have smaller ear canals can swap them out with the others.Because of the noise-isolating feature, these earphones can be very loud if you want them to be. The sound quality given the price is very good as well. The highs aren't tinny and there is some bass response, which is nice. Don't expect these to sound like the $80+ earbuds you see out there by Klipsch (Klipsch IMAGE S4 In-Ear Enhanced Bass Noise-Isolating Headphones (Black)) but if you need some earbuds that won't break the bank, what to represent your love for M&M;'s, and want to get the job done, consider these for under $8.
I bought these on a trip for my daughter at the local drug store - she had lost hers for her music player. She loved them so much that she was crushed when she broke them by tearing the cord out. So I ordered her two pairs from Amazon. My daughter is eight-years-old and these fit her ears perfectly. Also the shape is nice because you can lay down without having them stick into your ear. The sound is good, volume is average. Highly recommend for children or people with small ears. For the price and comfort, you can't beat them.
My son and nephew seem to go through earbuds like it's candy. We've been buying skullcandies because they love the look and sound, but we're replacing them about every 3-6 months. So when I saw this, I thought we should give them a try since they're half the price.My son (12 yrs old) first said they were just "ok"...however, after a few more days of use, he said he really likes these...even better than his skullcandies! When I asked him why he likes these earphones, he says that he can hear things in the background that he wasn't able to hear with his skullcandies. I was completely surprised but am very glad for the feedback and wanted to pass it along.I will most definitely buy more of these.
I really like this one, I do not know what happens with my ears but everithime I try ear buds the just come out of my ear but not whit this ones, they just fits perfect to matter what. Sound is good and look is lovely =D
This Maxell earbuds are so comfortable, has a really good sound and tgey look super cute. I love my ear buds
I love these ear phones.  I have tried many different typs and my 7 y.o. has had problems (too big, too lose, too small, too painful).  She loves these and they are easy for her to use.  Also - really really cute and pretty.
My son used these and thought they were great. After about 2 months of light use they just sort of fell apart. They could not be used or glued back together. He was very sad and I am unwilling to replace them because of the poor quality.
They sound decent. The M&M; earbuds look sweet and cute in the ears.  Everyone who see knows the classic candy trademark - unique.If you want to give it as a gift, just remember the packet is small and is more like a stocking stuffer than a regular present.  The packet stands approximately three inches tall.
It's surprising to me that anyone rates this below five stars. For less than $10, you can get great sound, with a fun design! The person sitting next to you does NOT hear whatever you hear, which is terrific when you have three kids in the car for a long car ride. Great deal, great earbuds!
I bought three different colors, one for each of my kids to match their MP3 players. they love them and they seem to fit well. as with kids, not a major investment should they lose or destroy them
I needed new ear buds for my ipod after the rubber started peeling off my old ones and therefore making them uncomfortable to wear. So I came across these by complete accident, read the reviews, and immediately ordered a pair for myself. I am listening to music on them as I write this. They sound absolutely fantastic and they block out any outside noise extremely well. I can't even hear the tv that's on because these ear buds work like earplugs almost. They are comfortable as well because the part that goes into your ear is made of rubber. They have small ear buds and large ear buds that come with this package. I have small ears, so I'm wearing the small size right now, so it's great for people who have small ears like me. And for the price you really can't lose. It's well worth it. Trust me =)
Cute set of headphones. Didnt last long though. Color started fading and the protection over the earbuds kept falling off. After a couple of days, one side went out and I was only able to hear from one side. Then the one side that was working, started sounding stuffy. Purchase at your own risk
I had a blue pair that I bought at Marshalls....but my son chewed on the absent mindedly and broke them!  Whatever.  So anyway I just got a new pink iPad case and decided to get these pink ones to match.  I am super picky about earbuds feeling too big or awkward and these are nice and small and tuck in my ear just perfectly.  They also have a slightly larger tip you can put on, but I just prefer the small ones.  The sound is fine....I don't listen to a ton of music so I can't compare as far as supreme high quality sound, but I have absolutely no complaints with these.The need to come out with a classic brown chocolate &#34;flavor&#34; of these though!  I want some!
Earphones with an M&M;'s theme, are kind of a cute idea.  If you are looking for some economic earphones, for young children who are more concerned with appearance, rather than sound quality, you might consider them.If you want a decent sound however, save your money and look elsewhere.  The sound quality is muddy, with a heavy bias on the low end.  High frequencies are not reproduced well, and for regular music, it can even be hard to make out some vocals.  In addition, the build quality appears to be on the cheap side, in some areas.  The cord is very thin, and probably more prone to breakage.Perhaps these earphones are intended for small children, as out of the package they come with tiny silicone earbuds attached, that are too small for most adults to wear.  Larger sized earbuds are included (loose inside package, so don't lose them).  To install the larger earbud, you first need to remove the tiny one (don't tear it!).  There is a technique to attaching the larger earbud.  Turn it inside out, and attach it to the stem with the speaker, then push the edges down to get it back to the proper shape.  With the large sized earbuds installed, you can get a snug fit, but probably not one that cuts out too much of the ambient sound.These phones may look cool to some, but that's about the only positive.  They do not reproduce sound well, and may not last for very long.  The fit is comfortable, but if the earbuds get torn, you will probably need to buy new earphones, as a spare set of earbuds is not provided.If you are looking for earphones in the same price range, that sound better, do a better job of cutting out ambient sound, are available in a variety of colors, and have a spare set of earpads, take a look at JVC's Marshmallow series.
These are the cutest thing but they also sound wonderful! The fit is perfect and they come with two different sizes in case you need to adjust the earbud fit. They were shipped super fast and packaged great as well. At $5.99 your getting a great deal!! You can keep looking and spend a ton more of your cash on a pair that don't work half as nice as these but what's the point? I recommend these to all and with the 2 different sizes they can work for kids or adults. Enjoy!!TR
Ever feel like running your phone over to get that darn case off? This is the best one I have used. It is a good grade of plastic and pops the covers off for a quick change with no hassle. I have a few of this one.
I love these phone case opening tools. They really work well. I do not have the strength in my hands to open my 2 piece phone cases. This tool popped open the case, and slid the edges open. I used a screw driver befire, nicked my phone!!! Buy it!!! It's worth the money.
It help open my case but one problem looks used and the picture says ill receive 2 clip openers and I only received only 1 was up with that and one for $2.99 and used not cool ill never gonna buy from this product ill just use my nails :/
Item was as described, and the plastic is reasonably hard, but the plastic is not strong enough to do what I needed it for.  I needed to open an iPod touch.  It may work in other situations, but not what I bought it for.  The product is not defective, it is just not up to the task that I had envisioned it for.I would suggest you get the iSesamo metal case opener (which I also bought) which works a lot better.  The metal does not bend as much as I thought it would, even thought the blade is thin.
The picture can be misleading you don't get two it's just a front and back shot. There is nothing like having the right tool to make an opening job easy and this little tool works better than my finger nails.  My only complaint is this could have been dropped in a standard envelope and sent snail mail, it is about the size of a guitar pick.  I thought to much packaging was used in shipping.
I paid the price of this item thinking that i would receive three of this item,it turned out that the price is justfor one unit.i like this item because it's very hard for me to open hard cover with the hands so thisitem make it easy to open it.the cons of this item is that each side of it get damage every time you opena hard cover,i would say each side can only be used twice.every time you open a hard cover,the sideyou used to open it get damege.you know what i mean?.so for the price it has they must give you two or three of them.
Nice non marring tool. This tool is somewhat thick for the initial opening of a tablet or cell phone. It is nice to use once you have the device cracked open to run around the edges and separate the case adhesive. It is very comfortable to hold and use. It is thicker and larger than a guitar pick. I'm going to my local music store to buy a coupe of heavy grade guitar picks to try out as guitar picks come in a variety of grades and shapes.This tool is also soft so don't expect it to last a long time. It works as intended for a fair price.
While these are nice to have, you will find that most of the time you order a replacement screen, these things come included.
I bought a rubber coated clip-on case for my cell phone which I like the design very much.But then I found it easy to snap on but difficult to snap off.So everytime I change the battery I am scared of cracking the case,let alone to my finger nails.But I really love the case.This is how I solve the problem,getting this opening tool.You may take it as suggestion or recommendation.
This is a simple idea and easy to use. Slim edge will pry the edges of the case apart and the size is big enough to hold on to. Works just fine.
I didn't buy these to take a a cell phone apart, but rather a Tablet PC and they were worked flawlessly. I couldn't be happier with the result. No scratches on the tablet and not one single broken part as I used these to slowly pry around the edge of the aluminum case to split it from its plastic underside. I upgraded the tablet with an SSD Drive to get more performance and battery life and could not have done as good a job without this purchase for sure. Worth far more than the sales price when you calculate not breaking and replacing parts due to improperly dismantling a project as delicate as a small piece of electronics that was never really meant to be opened by the consumer.
It somewhat does the job. I just really wished the cases weren't so hard to get off in the first place, but I understand why they need to be or are. It does what it is supposed to do. I only received one though. The picture shows two.
This product works great, I used it to open a smart phone in order to change the battery. With this I could pop of the back without damage.
I ordered this Motorola KRZR K1m BT51 940mAh Standard Battery when my original battery started to self-destruct and bulge out of my phone's battery compartment!This replacement battery is the real deal. Identical in every way to the original, it charged promptly and holds it's charge. Go ahead and save a few bucks with this battery.
These batteries are really good they hold the charge really good plan to order another for a spare, they last along time charge maybe once a week. Thank you.
I purchased this as a replacement battery for a Motorola W755.  Purchased it through Amazon from a 3rd party vendor. (OEM Shop) It arrived w/in a week of ordering in new condition and fully charged.  No complaints here.
I ordered this OEM Motorola battery from Hollycell through Amazon.  My battery was exactly as advertised, a new Motorola battery, received in just a few days by USPS.  I am very pleased to report the battery lasts a long time between charges too, which, I'm sure, is any buyers main concern.  I can suddenly appreciate my phone much more making an up-grade something I will put off indefinitely now. Combine the genuine Motorola quality with Hollycell's extremely low price and the fast free delivery makes this an absolute recommended buy to anyone needing this model.
This battery was not the same as the original equipment; it did work with the phone which was a great choice for my mother.
I bought this for my phone and it didn't even work. I was not happy about it at all. One of those moments where you wish you would have just put in the extra money the first time.
I've done business with these guys before, and I was delighted to find they had the best price for the actual Samsung battery that works in my latest technology Nexus S with Google Android phone. I put one in the phone to charge and one in an external charger. Both accepted a full charge in pretty much the same fashion as the original battery and I can make it through about any day without having to find a power outlet. I haven't seen a smartphone yet that will go all day without at least one stop by the charger, but with the higher resolution devices, 60% or more of the power is eaten up by the screen. My latest figure was 72% in a 24 hour period. Must have watched a lot of videos or photos that day. In any event, having the spares definitely gets me through.
Upon close inspection, I there was a multitude of scratch marks on it. Obviously it has been used a lot before I got it. It charges up to about 90% and holds there. So it is a workable backup. The drain on the battery seems to be ok on my first run through. Can't complain too much for 5 bucks but I just wish they would advertise that they are not new.
Needed another battery for my old samsung moment and this fit the bill at a GREAT PRICE! the phone is extinct now but the battery did its job.
Better price and a little more milliamps (1500 vs 1440) than the battery that came with my phone. works great!
worked great in two of my friends Nexus S 4G's.  Fantastic value for an apparently OEM battery.  Would recommend to anyone.
i ordered this battery as a spare to keep from having to keep my phone on the charger.  it was exactly the right battery, and has no problems.
My original phone battery was losing memory so it was time to get a replacement. Sprint store wanted around $30 - 40 so went online and found this one for only seven dollars! Arrived within the estimated time and shipping was included! Great solution and could not be happier to get a Samsung branded battery at a fraction of what my carrier was charging!  :)
TOOK ABOUT 4 DAYS TO GET HERE. WORKED AS EXPECTED AND WITHOUT ISSUES. LOOKED BRAND NEW, WHICH IS AMAZING CONSIDERING MY PHONE IS 2 YEARS OLD. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS VENDOR TO ANYONE. THANKS AMAZON FOR ANOTHER SATISFATORY PURCHASE.
Seems to be holding up just fine in a Google Nexus S.  Appears to be same as stock battery, no issues charging.
I was skeptical when buying this product due to mixed reviews by people, but the product I received worked right from the start, and appears to hold it's charge properly. I will update this review in about a week to tell you how the battery is doing. Otherwise up to this point it was a tremendous price, and fast shipping.UPDATE: The battery continues to perform perfectly and hold a great charge! Does exactly what a battery should do and is priced very fairly.
These are really inexpensive factory refurbished batteries. They differ from regular Samsung batteries in that they seem to have an "LZ" instead of a fancy barcode on the back. I ordered a pair of these and when one was dead on arrival, the seller quickly sent me another one.One thing to note is that some of these aren't pre-charged, so you'll need to have your phone off when you initially charge them up if you're charging by plugging it in over USB to a computer or have a dedicated standalone charger. Otherwise, the current draw to charge the battery is too much to keep the phone on and it'll die.These things are a great deal at the price and have the same life as the battery that came with my phone. Handy if you're using a lot of GPS or WiFi on your phone.
It is my second cover ( for another i-phone). The first one is a year old and still in good condition. The new cover is just two months old, but already got cracks.
This case is nice and slim, has a nice texture to it, it protected my phone for a long time, but while it saved the phone it broke in the last fall. I replaced it with an Otterbox
The case is great.  It did not come with the microfiber cleaning cloth (blue),
Loved this product! Made my phone more sophisticated. Will try out other colors too. I would recommend this product :-)
This case is fantastic in that it doesn't get in the way.  I'm not so sure about its effectiveness especially if the phone happens to be dropped screen side down, but it certainly protects the back and sides from being scratched.  Overall this is a great case and other forms of screen protection can be used in conjunction with this case.  It is still easy to slip the phone in and out of pockets and has just enough grip that it doesn't slip out of your hands.For the price, it is a superb value.
this cell phone case it's ok but it mayed of of plastic so when you get it make sure the ergde's don't break off are you will have to but another one.i had 4 of them that broke on me and would not stay on and all.
The cover worked beautifully on my Cosmos phone and has kept my battery from falling out of it every time it falls.Excellent deal!Color is exactly as pictured.
This is a cute case! Love the color and Has held up very good! Price was perfect, couldn't beat it! Great experience with Seller! Would buy from again!
My gift recipient absolutely loved this case. The blue isn't bland and the feel isnt "plasticy"... Its better than those $20 cases in the mall!
I'm quite pleased with this snap-on case.  The blue is very vibrant, and resists smudges and scuffs fairly well.  The rubberized feel is very subtle - enough to prevent it from skidding across a table, but not enough that it's hard to pull out of a pocket.  Everything lines up well with my Virgin Mobile Rumor 2, though there is no hole for the status light (a good thing, in my opinion) and I did have to trim a tiny amount of excess plastic from the underside of the face place so the phone would slide open more-easily.  It works with the screen protector film I'm using.  All the buttons and ports are still easily accessible.  I haven't used the included belt clip, but it felt decent in quality, and the instructions seemed simple enough.  Another note, the case itself didn't come with instructions, though it's innately simple to install without them.  The plastic used isn't the most robust feeling, and might not stand up to a lot of abuse, but it's definitely good quality for the low price.In all, I felt I definitely got more than my money's worth with this blue case.  It fulfills my modest requirements, and exceeds my expectations in appearance.  I think it's an exceptional value, for shoppers on a budget.--- Sept. 2011 update --- I've had this snap-on case on my Virgin Mobile Rumor 2 for many months now, and it's still in excellent shape.  It has survived day-in day-out in my tool pocket, persistent handling, having been dropped a few times, or moved around a bunch on my nightstand or desktop.  The finish is still nice, with almost no signs of wear, except for a small scratch on one corner.  The case still fits snug on both sides of the phone.  I'm definitely pleased with this purchase.
this is the best Bluetooth that I have ordered will recommend for other customers.very easy to pair with phone. Prices are decent
This is the 2nd headset I have bought the first one I lost when I went to replace it I bought 2 different ones and hated them both!! I will only use this Motorola headset it is clear and comfortable I highly recommend!!
I purchased this as my first bluetooth headset because I thought it was cute.  Bad idea.  It has very poor, patchy sound quality and those that I speak to say it is echoey and hard to hear.  I have smaller ears and this is very uncomfortable to wear.  I am returning this for a different headset.
I had one of these earpieces years ago but it was the gold and black one and it was by far the best earpiece I ever has I could lay my phone down in my garage and still hear the person I was talking to clear as I washed my car so I thought this one would be the same but the nice silver color. I was wrong! this earpiece is not clear at all and I have to hold the phone up close to my face to avoid the static. As far as the people who shipped it to me they get 5 stars but I dont even use this earpiece i went to best buy and purchased a different earpiece for 20 bucks im completly satisfied with.
I had this earpiece.  Liked it for the few months (4?) I had it.  Picked it up one day and the whole thing fell apart.  I suddenly had 6 pieces in my hand.  Irreparable.  I'm not rough with my bluetooths; shocked when this happened.  Very poor workmanship, very cheap materials.DON'T BUY THIS!!!As others have said -- and I agree -- it has no longevity.  The only positive about this earpiece is that it's pretty.
Thisbluetooth is great.  Crystal clarity while listening even in windy conditions.  Very comfortable in my ear and reasonably priced.  Great design.
Finally a reliable and clear alternative to holding the phone to my head! I've used 5 different blue tooth ear "buds" in the last 4 years, and this beats them all. The sound is clear on both ends of the call and is very simple to use. My Samsung Solstice II has never sounded clearer. The voice activation software on the phone works very well with this speaker phone.
Bought a Jabra Journey from Costco and worked awesome until I applied ICS update to my wife's Samsung Galaxy S2. The journey kept dropping BT connection. I updated firmware and exchanged it for another, but still kept dropping connection and I even emailed Jabra for help, gave up and bought the Jabra SP200 from Amazon and it has been smooth sailing ever since! Sound quality on my end isn't as good as the Journey but the annoyance of dropped connection gone is worth it AND it was half the price of the Journey!
I bought this item as a gift to my wife on Mother's Day and she loves it. Now she can concentrate on her driving while talking to me. I recommend this item.
This thing is great. Pairing it with your phone is easy, it can be really loud if you need it to be, I usually have mined turned like half way up. The other caller has had no problems hearing me, I have asked a couple of people and they said it was crystal clear. I've been using it ever since I got it over a month ago and have yet to charge it, so battery life is great too...
This speakerphone works great for hands free conversation. It works with minimal static as this happens on occasion, but not so much that I have a problem hearing what is being said. Depending on location and what is going on around you, I am able to understand the receiver and don't have to have the volume up too high. It is sufficient for my needs, as I only use it if I'm going to be traveling for some time.
After my wife got a shiny new car last year with Bluetooth, I found myself longing to ride in her car more and more often just so that I would have the convenience of hands free cell phone usage!  I had a Jabra JX10 Bluetooth earpiece from years back but found that it was not loud enough to compete with the enhanced exhaust and 13"-wide rear tires of my sports car.  Having been pleased with Jabra in the past, I naturally looked at their offerings first and decided upon the very reasonably priced SP200.The unit was as easy to pair with my phone (a Palm Pre) as any other Bluetooth headset and the volume is so loud that I can hear everyone just fine even if I'm roaring down the highway.  The noise canceling works so well that people often don't know I'm on Bluetooth and they never know that I'm in my loud sports car.  It's that good.A single charge lasts me several weeks (I don't talk that often while driving) and when it does get low, the handy LED reminder triggers me to drag it into my office with me and I simply attach it to the USB port on my computer (cable included) and let it charge for a couple of hours and I'm good to go again.Things I like about this headset:1) just tap the button and it wakes up from sleep mode and locks onto my phone2) have it paired with my wife's phone too (it can remember multiple phones)3) I don't have to turn it off- it magically goes to sleep after I've been away from the vehicle for awhile (15 minutes?)4) again, volume is ridiculously loud if you want it to be5) excellent clarity of my voice and their voice6) fairly stealthy up on the sunvisor- you forget it's there7) it's portable: sometimes I bring it in the house for conference calls8) crazy cheap for this level of qualityThings I don't like:1) I wish I didn't have to push anything to turn it on/wake it up.  Though I'm sure such a feature would be murderous on battery life.2) voice dial like my wife's car has would be awesome.  I think if I had a better phone, it could maybe use the phone's voice dial capability.  Sadly, I bought the godawful Palm Pre (never again).
This is the first time I had to deal with a BB battery issue. So being a novice I just matched up model numbers, ordered, and it works perfectly. Holds a charge nicely and thus far have had no noticeable problems with the item. Great price, quality, and shipping.
My BlackBerry Curve 8900 is no longer used as my phone, but is a lifesaver for me as my alarm clock!  I realized that I was charging it at least once a day, and decided to get it a new battery.  My Curve is now happily "alarming" me again, and only needing to be charged once a week or so -- and that makes me a happy camper!  Price was right, the battery arrived quickly in a pluffy envelope, and was immediately popped in to be charged up and put to use.  Very pleased with my purchase!
I purchased two low cost "OEM" DX-1 batteries here recently on Amazon. I chose two different sellers just in case one was a dud although both had pretty good reviews and the price was rediculously low. I purchased one from Seller1ON1  and the other from The OEM Shop.I saw repeated reviews that these batteries were not actually new and I confirm that both of mine showed up in good condtion but definatley not "brand new".My advantage here is that I have an actual battery load tester (West Mountian Radio CBA II), I ran both batteries several times at a 300mA load and both performed between 1200 and 1400mAH.Regardless of the fact that these batteries were almost free, the both perform 100% as new. I am very pleased and would not hesitate to purchase again from either of these sellers.
It works as it should have, no complaints or nothing special about it, it just works and I keep writing that because I need to fill in the required words.
I was having a lot of trouble with my Blackberry Storm (version 1). Finally, I ordered this battery since mine was going dead and malfunctioning during the day. I was ready to slam the Storm against a brick wall. This battery was new in packaging when it arrived and mostly solved my troubles with the Storm. I ordered a second as a spare due to the low price, but really haven't needed it. My friends have all run to Droids and 4g, but I'm getting new life from a device I paid good money for. It does everything I need it to do just as when I bought it. Plus, if I wait a week or two the 5g, 6g, or 9g network will be out with yet another new and improved phone operating system . . .
I was very disappointed as I opened the package for this product.  There is very limited protection as the sides are completely open.  If you are looking for just protecting your screen, then this will work.  It will not stop anything from finding its way into the open sides.There is a very easy to use attachment screw that fastens into the tripod port on the bottom of the camera.  Once attached, you simply wrap the camera with the material and a velcro patch holds it in place.I have a small camera (FujiFilm EXR) and this wrap barely fits this camera.  The velcro has very little to attach itself to and if I do not stretch the material and wrap it extremely tight, then the velcro detaches.  Once when this happened, my camera fell out of my hands and onto the desk - if I was standing, the camera might have fallen to the floor.  There is no room to hold anything else in this wrap - this is not a substitute for a camera case to hold extra batteries, memory cards, or the charger.  The product description says that this product lends itself to easy removal of the battery and memory cards.  On my camera this is not true:  I would have to remove the entire wrap to get into the battery/memory card compartment.I take pictures everywhere I go and this product just gets in the way.  I generally carry the camera in my pants pocket and this would just add bulk.  I would still have to keep a small case handy for the other above mentioned accessories.I guess, I'm the minority so far, but I just don't see that this accomplishes anything and it adds a level of complication.
I've always been a fan of Lowepro products and own several larger camera cases made by this company.This wrap is just as described: a snug neoprene cover around a camera.  The sides remain unprotected and dust will get in.My Canon A590 is on the large size for this wrap and I have to stretch the lining a bit to get the velcro to grasp, but once it takes hold it stays snug and remains so even in my pocket.  I can access my battery and memory chip in my camera with ease as the wrap is attached to the tripod mount.  For cameras with the tripod mount on the same side as the battery/memory chip opening, it might be more of a hassle to move aroound in.Ideally, this wrap would be perfect for slim point-and-shoot cameras with a width of less than an inch.  My Canon A590 is pushing it.  However, for protecting my LED screen and preventing scratches on the front, this is an ideal cover that adds little weight or girth to my camera and fits into a small purse, buttpack or backpack.  I don't plan on ever removing my wrap now.The wrap does not hinder my photography.As already mentioned, this wrap holds nothing but a camera.  If you need somthing for extra batteries or memory chips, you would need a case.  As a wrap, though, this little thing would add protection to your high-end digicam.This would be perfect for a Canon SD1100 and the like: a small, ultra-slim digicam.
Maybe this product just isn't for me. As long as the lens is protected I'd rather let my camera get scratched up then deal with this thing hanging off of it. The D-Wrap screws into the tripod case on your camera and is sized for small point-and-shoot models. The attachment screw slides on a rail and the material is elastic so it should fit any camera of this class. It adds minimal bulk but doesn't protect the sides.The problem is what happens when you unwrap the case. Now you've got this foot long thing dangling from the bottom of your camara. It really gets in the way - especially if you turn the camera for a portrait shot.In practice, I found this too inconvenient to use. I'd rather have a case that fully protects it for travel and I'll put the camera in my pocket or a bag for ease of use during a day of sightseeing.
I'm not a professional photographer; in fact I'm not even very good at taking snapshots--so thank goodness the camera designs are getting smarter and smarter--but I do carry my camera with me every day.And as someone who does nearly constantly have his camera handy but is not a pro I really appreciate this D-Wrap case, which is my second great camera case from LowePro.This is an especially good case for athletes like me because not only does it make the camera in the case as compact and convenient as carrying the camera without a case in my cycling jersey pocket or the Bento Box strapped to the top tube of my bicycle along with Clif Bars, money, and Advil for all day riding events, but it's also as easy to open and use the camera in an instant while providing adaquate protection from road vibration (which could damage both camera and an expensive bike frame), light rain, dirt, and perspiration.With this case, my camera is always at the ready, and yet it's in a case as well.I don't even carry a wallet--too bulky--but I carry my camera in this case.Since the camera is attached to the case where you would normally attach it to a tripod, you don't actually have to remove the camera from the case, then put the case in a pocket and hope you don't drop it and lose it somewhere.  With this case, I can get my camera out of its protective cover, use the camera, and put it back in the case all one-handed.Like I wrote above, this is my second LowePro case--the other one has zippers and pockets with space for the bare essentials--and only reinforces my recommendation for this brand of case exclusively.  I don't know of any other brand that provides professional level quality and performance to the general consumer at a general consumer price.BOTTOM LINE: Couldn't possibly be better or cheaper.  And the design looks great too.
This camera "wrap" is just what I need.  My small camera case is more bulky so I end up having to wear it around my neck or put it in a backpack when I'm hiking or being a tourist.  This neoprene wrap completely surrounds, goes over the edges and is thick enough to provide ample protection for my Canon Elph.The base has a screw that attaches the wrap to the camera via the tripod hole.  Lowepro was even smart enough to put the screw through a heavy duty plastic bar so the screw can move, making this a wrap that will fit many cameras.  And the screw has a little popup handle so no screwdriver is necessary.It's simple to use.  Just unwrap & let it hang below your camera.  It doesn't get in the way & stays attached.The only improvement I would suggest is a little pocket to carry an extra memory chip.  Other than that; it's brilliant.
The Lowepro D-Wrap is for cameras, but not much else. I used this wrap with myFujifilm FinePix F200EXRcamera and I felt it was not the right fit. The wrap did not close as well as it could unless I really pulled at the wrap to close it over (it stretches). The wrap does not protect your camera against dirt, water, sand, etc. due to the open areas on each side of the camera. But, also thanks to these open areas, the carrying lanyard sticks out and it is easy to carry your camera around.  The wrap does provide some padding for your camera.I was disappointed that the wrap did not fit myFlip MinoHD CamcorderorVado HD 8 GB Pocket Video Camcorder, 2nd Generation. The wrap does not adapt for any other type of video devices.Frankly, it takes less time to get the camera out of a generic camera case (1 second) than this wrap (2 seconds). [Tested with a stopwatch.]Also, there are no pockets in this wrap, so you cannot store SD cards or batteries.A camera bag/case is much better if you want to protect your camera from dirt and water. If you are looking for something less bulky, this is a good option.
A very clever solution if you have a mini digital camera.  Super convenient as you don't have to remove the camera from the case. It's a wrap! Just unhook the Velcro, and you are ready for a snap.It works by utilizing the tripod socket under the camera. It doesn't matter if socket is at the center or off center, it is very easy to adjust. After making sure that the camera is tightly secured, then you wrap it like a burrito :) It will be open to the sides, but it will still be completely protected as the material extends beyond the length of the camera.One disadvantage is that you have to remove the case if you want to mount the camera to a tripod. Usually not the case for a small pocket point-and-shoot camera.  Also, it would be a great plus if it has a mini-pocket for additional memory card or battery.The wrap is black and elegant. Made of quality stretchable material. Made in China.This is one of the cheapest and most effective solutions to protect a small camera.  Perfect companion for my Fuji J28.
This is an interesting and non traditional case. I have a Canon S90 and wasn't very excited about getting a normal bulky case for it. This wrap is great for protecting the camera if you want to just throw it in a bag for a trip or in my case keep it protected in my wife's purse.When you unwrap it, the large amount of material that dangles from the camera is a bit awkward, but at least it stays attached so that you don't lose it or forget to protect the camera.All in all it's a pretty cost effective case to casually protect your camera from getting scratched or damaged in a purse, bag or suitcase and it stays on pretty well when shooting making it a bit more convenient than a normal camera case.
When I saw that Vine was offering Lowepro D-Wrap, I jumped on it because I own several point-and-shoot cameras.  This camera wrap asserts that it fits (or stretches to fit) most cameras.  Unfortunately, that does not include my Canon A630 PowerShot.While the wrap stretches, it would require three strong men to stretch it around my Canon.  So, even though it screwed into the tripod mount as advertised, it would mean more effort to get it into place than I could give it.Giving up on my Canon, I tried it on my Flip video camera.  Yes, it folds over and protects it nicely, unless, that is, you screw it into the tripod mount.  At that point, it become impossible to stretch it over the entire camera because at that point the camera is vertical and too tall to fit.Finally, I tried it on my mother's Kodak SureShot.  Voila! It fits (with a moderate amount of stretching).  It's open at the ends, so the camera is still subject to foreign objects entering from the side, but it does protect the lens and viewing screen from dust and other undesirables while the camera is in purse or pocket.By the way, if you carry your camera in your pocket, you'll probably want to have a large pocket because the neoprene does not slide around easily in a close space and will not slip down into a tight jeans pocket.So would I recommend this camera glove?  It depends.  It depends on the size of your point-and-shoot camera.  It depends on how often you use your camera and whether you've already got camera protection. Those who already have a case they use will probably not benefit from this D-wrap.
This is a unique camera case.  Instead of being separate, it becomes "part of it" by attaching to it.  It does this by attaching to the tripod hole, and stretches across the body of the camera.  The sides aren't protected, but it seems to be okay for most purposes.  Unstrapping the case, will allow it to fold down, allowing you to use the camera, and the thing remains hanging from it...no need to put away or find your case again.  It's different and I like the idea, but I really want the protection from a normal case that won't allow as much dirt/dust in.  It's not bad, and it serves it's purpose well enough.  I could see this being a good choice for those who aren't too picky about these things.
I am pleased with this camera protection wrap.It is easy to use and is a great safeguard for most compact cameras.It doesn't completely keep out sand etc. but is certain to protect your camera from shock etc.
This is one of those things were you say....why didn't I think of this! It is a very simple thing but does exactly what it is meant to do. I use it on my bedside table and place my iPhone in it and use the phone as an alarm clock. I have also used it on a plane on the tray table to watch a movie. It folds up and can fit in your wallet.
If I knew I could make the same basic thing by cutting a piece of cardbard to size, I would have saved the order hassle. This is such a flimsy item I can't believe all the positive reviews. My wife thought it was trash and threw it away when I left it on the counter. It doesn't adjust at all and did not securely hold my droid. I purchased this to take family self portraits but it didn't hold it at the proper angle. Not comfortable risking my droid's safety by placing it in this thing. I cetainly wouldn't try to interact with the droid's screen while in this holder.
I bought this for my iphone 4.  Loved the idea of a lightweight folding stand.  It's simply a piece of plastic scored in the middle so it can fold, with a soft plastic band on the 'feet' to both stabilize it and grip the iphone/ipod.  Good simple design that would work, except that the iphone 4 is too heavy for it. When used upright, the iphone tilts the stand over.  When used sideways, the legs bend slightly, but it does work that way.I'm going to rate this high because it IS exactly what they claim it is, and they never claimed it would work for the iphone 4.  And it was worth trying for me.
Update 6/13/13: I just reordered two because this has become an indispensable (and cheap) restaurant-rest for my little boy so we can get some peace during dinner. I figure it's saved me hundreds in "value" added because we used to waste the money eating out - it just wasn't worth it. This sits in my wallet and it's there when I need it... nothing to remember.I give this top rating, but beware that it is not highly sturdy. Your devide just "rests" in the cradle, which is very well designed to hold it but other products - more expensive and larger - clip on so you can rest the devide your chest to watch a video in bed. Not this - it's designed to fit in your wallet and be there when you want it on a stable surface.
This stand is really neat for anywhere.  I use it everyday, home, work even on my deck listening to my music. Holds phone with or without case.  Very compact and durable.  Would recommend
I didn't like this product. It wasn't very sturdy and I ended up sending it right back. Don't waste your money on this one.
This very simple stand has a lot going for it.  It's cheap, especially compared to most iPhone stands.  It's universal and not tied to a specific brand or model.  (And unlikely to become obsolete when you buy something new.)  It's very easy to stash and take with you.  It's even adjustable in that it has 2 places to rest the phone, each rest holding the phone at a different angel.I'm taking away one star because it just isn't quite strong enough and not quite wide enough.  I bought this to use with my iPhone while plugged into my computer.  If I'm not very careful when setting it up, the weight of the cord will knock the phone down.  If I want to move the phone a few inches, Crabble will buckle and drop the phone.  Using the touch screen while the phone is sitting on a Crabble is a very delicate procedure.
Ok, I love my Crabble. I've had it for 4 years now.Yes, that's right... 4 YEARS! It's still as good as the day I bought it, nice and sturdy and really holds any smartphone at all. I had an iPhone 3S when I bought it, and none of today's phones are anywhere near as thick.It stores so easily opened flat in my wallet. It's about as thick as a credit card, although a bit longer.What's it good for? Well, my number 1 thing is reading while eating. I often eat alone and I like to read while doing so. With my Crabble, I can set my phone wherever I want and be able to read in perfect comfort. It's also invaluable for plane travel, as it allows me to stand my phone on my tray table.  Really, it's the best phone accessory I've ever purchased, hand's down, the best. And one of the least expensive, too. Love it!
A piece of plastic with a crease in the center so it quasi folds. Silicon "feet'? Silicon scraps pushed on the so called feet. Sure, they don't slip, but as soon as you put any pressure on the iPod, the thing collapses. Junk. Pure, marketing junk. Nothing but a load of bollocks. If it were metal, it would be something but this is easily made from a piece of packaging plastic, I wish I had known how flimsy it would be. There's more effort spent on the company branding than on the materials. Never again.
I bought this recently so that I could have my phone sitting upright on my desk at work. I suppose I anticipated something completely different since I am a little disappointed with the product.  From the item pictures it looked like the product would be more rigid - it is not.  It is made of a very flexible plastic molding.  Although it does hold up my phone (HTC Inspire), you have to (at least *I* had to) fidget with it for a bit and get it to actually hold the phone.Overall, I suppose it does do what it says.  However, if I would have been able to *play* with this product, in person, at a store I would NOT have purchased it.  I would have saved $8...
Clever gadget, but no extra room in the notch that holds the iPhone to deal with a rubber cover around the edge.When the iPhone is in the vertical position, the data/power cord will not fit neatly into the phone.
This charger set  works great for the phone it is designed for. Charges phone fast in the car. would recommend it to people that have this phone.
Not worth the cost. works well, keeps things charged, but the car charger gets too hot at times, and I am afraid will damage my phone.
Work good, but when in phone port you need to wiggle it sometimes. Maybe I just got a bad pair?
Everything worked good but the wall charger. Seem like it had a shortage in it when I needed to use it. Had to move the wire a certain way to get the wall charger to work. Everything else worked fine though.
Great product. Very well made and the price was good as well. A ton cheaper than Radio Shack. Thank you.
Very lightweight, comfortable & durable with good battery life.I bought the Plantronics Voyager Pro Bluetooth for battery life and clarity.My (3 different models) of Motorola bluetooth devises discharge within 1 hr and many times needed to change over to my phone to have a conversation.I wanted good wind resistance, I was disappointed it did not work in abrisk wind unless I cupped my hand over the microphone.3 out of 10 times it got voice commands wrong.The fit using the small size ear cover does not stay in place in my large ear.I need to reposition it 4 times during a days use.I'm not satisfied with the wind resistance and voice commands.I spoke clear & in a moderate voice. It did not work 3 out of 10 times.I am a Realtor, I depend on using a bluetooth devise in my business.
I purchased this unit when the price dropped below $50.  I wanted to compare this to my other bluetooth (BT) headset, which is the Jawbone PRIME Bluetooth Headset Ear Candy Edition (Drop Me a Lime Green).  I owned the PRIME before buying this PRO, and having used both units I can honestly say IMHO that although the Jawbone PRIME has a better sound quality (just BARELY and ever so slightly better), this Voyager PRO does the job just as well.  The bottom line is that the Plantronics Voyager PRO is an excellent bluetooth headset.  I alternate between this Voyager PRO and the Jawbone PRIME, using one while the other charges.Let me first describe everything that is great about it:- One of the best sound quality of all the BT headsets I've used (and I've gone through plenty), second only to the Jawbone Prime.  I heard the person on the other end very clearly, and I was clear to the other person as well.  No complaints from the other caller when I used this BT headset, unlike when I used the Motorola H500 or the Plantronics Explorer 220 where my voice was cut-off about 25% of the time.- Very loud (or loud enough).  I've set my phone's earpiece volume to MED using this Voyager PRO BT unit.- One of the best noise cancellation technology IMHO.  I am utterly amazed with how well the dual-mic technology works.  It works with low-to-moderate background noise when you are in a car, in a store, in starbucks, etc.- Easily switch from one ear to the other by rotating the earpiece.- It is lightweight and compact, though it loses out to the Jawbone Prime on this category.  Having said that, I have not lost this headset once, whereas I've lost the Prime several times due to its compactness.- Very easy to put on, and once it is on its stays on.  This feature is what edges out the Prime.  With the Prime, it takes a a while to figure out the proper configuration to get it to stay in your ear.  With the Voyager Pro, just loop around the ear, move the mic boom, and it will stay on.  I've jogged a 5K race with this on... just to prove to my friends that it will stay put (and it did!).- It is very easy to pair with my phones.- The battery life is excellent/very good.  I can go through the whole day of moderate use (about 4 hours of talk time) with a single overnight charge.  I've gone two days without recharging.  I won't dare go three, but seeing how cheap these units are now, maybe I'll get another unit.- MicroUSB interface means that I can use my cell phone charger to charge this (and vice-versa).- Fast power-up and connect.  I keep this unit off while I wear it, and when I get a call, I turn it on and it can connect between the second and third ring.Now, the negatives:- At first, I was used to the sound clarity of the Jawbone PRIME, so this Voyager PRO sounded a bit tinny to my ears.  However, after finding the proper ear gel that fits me, the sound clarity is now just as good as the Jawbone PRIME.- It is larger and bulkier than the Jawbone PRIME.  However, it is not as big as its predecessor (Voyager).  I wish this unit had a charging base like the Voyager.- There is no battery indicator that tells me how much charge is left.  I understand that the Voyager PRO+ has a feature where if paired with an iPhone the iPhone will display the charge capacity of this BT headset.Obviously, there is still room for improvement.  If the Voyager PRO+ works just as well as this PRO unit, and if it has the charger indicator for a Blackberry (or any other phone), I may have to rank it higher.  For now, this unit deserves a 4.5 star rating (rounded down).  It's almost perfect.IMHO I will have to state that the current price (under $50) and the features and quality of the Plantronics Voyager Pro makes it one of the best BT headsets I've ever used.  This is, of course, highly subjective, and there may be other better bluetooth headsets that I have not tried.  I highly recommend the Voyager PRO.
Voyager Pro isn't discrete. If you want discrete there are other models out there (the Jawbone) but I have to say that this Bluetooth does offer great call quality. I live in NYC and to say it's noisy at all times of the day/night would be an understatement and I had no issues hearing every call clearly and louder. The button placement for volume is located on the rounded edge of the headset. It is kind of hard to press and you do feel the pressure on the back of the ear, which is not a good thing if you are in a rush, the sudden sharp pain is a bit intense.Again, my only real gripe with the Voyager is the size. It doesn't have weight to it, but it is bulky. And if you have small ears, like I do, that are close your head, it does tend to draw them out. But it may be worth the trade for the excellent sound quality. For the ultimate test in its truly amazing call quality, I spoke in the room while my children slept, almost at a whisper, and my husband heard me clearly with no issues at all and the phone was sitting on the mantle in a very large living space.
I recently purchased this product from amazon for its noise-canceling audioIQ technology. I wanted to use it mainly for in the car and on my moped. However, upon using it I was greatly disappointed! The bluetooth is very cheaply made, I cannot understand what I am paying $70 for! I tested it several times after the recommended full charge and several problems occurred: the max volume and the clarity of the call.I had to turn up the volume to compensate for the poor clarity of the call. Instead of crisp audio, what I heard several times on end was an echo-like quality of sound. It was very difficult to hear my girlfriend when I was standing outside the car in the parking lot. Another instance (while driving), I had to turn the air conditioning practically off so that I could hear my contact speaking to me. The max volume is also very limited, it had difficulty when walking by a busy park and the volume was just not loud enough. It was ridiculous! Though I asked many times how well she could here me through the line, and she said very well. She didn't even know that I was using a bluetooth- in fact she was wondering why my voice sounded so much clearer than it usually does when I call her. So kudos to the voice capturing system (AudioIQ).Second issue was the clarity of the incoming signal. The next contact I called was a mile away from me, both with Verizon and both with the same reception bars (3 out of 4). However, I could hardly hear the nuances in his voice. Not at all what I expected after reading the reviews of this product! The voices (all of my contacts) had an echoing tone and was distracting and I had to spend most of my time trying to figure out what they said than proceeding with my part of the conversation.I would also like to mention that the controls to the ProVoyager were pretty poorly designed. The buttons have to be pressed fairly hard, changing the desired position of the earpiece. A minor annoyance, but after a while, an unbearable process. And the voice command button (along the base of the boom) is a bit tricky to use. When pressed it pushes into my ear (fairly uncomfortable) and again, repositions the device on my ear.So I will be returning it for the Plantronics Voyager which costs $40 and is a lot more reliable. Thanks for reading. Good luck!
Bought 2 to use in our carsThey're amazing.Great sound quality (people can usually hear me better than my phone), excellent product.I've had 2 for over 18 months now, nothing but good things to say
I have tried many bluetooth earpieces and this is the best.  My wife is hearing impaired and has trouble with telephone conversations and she can hear me on this very well.  Noise cancellation is very good and the sound on my end is also very good.  I wer mine all day and it really holds up, about a year on the last one and it still works but it is getting loose at its swivel point. I'll get another one when this one wears out.
This bluetooth headset functioned well enough, but I found it very uncomforable and bulky. Too much of a pain to use!
It's a great BT headset for your cell phone (paired mine with my Nokia 5800 phone in a jiffy!). Very ergonomic and light weight! Sound, reception, battery life are off the charts! ... but it's NOT the main reason I bought it! Short story: I've been using Sony Ericsson BT set on Win XP PC with Skype. Never had ANY problems of any kind at all!!! Plantronics Voyager PRO ain't that friendly with PC's!? Most advanced BT headset on the market can NOT be paired with Skype on Vista? WTH??? Decide for yourself, guys! They say, it pairs easily with Mac (never tried that!). Read the specs!
I am impressed with this headset.  It is probably my 3rd bluetooth headset.  It pairs to both my work and personal mobile phones at once.  I've had several conversations through both phones and the audio is nice a clear in my ear.  Same as others even in a moving vehicle with wind blowing people can hear me loud and clear.While it looks bulky it doesn't weigh much.  Many times I forget it is attached.Mute automatically disengages when a call ends which is a nice touch.  And the voice that announces the mute on/off is clear.Battery life is incredible.  Though I wish they had provided a USB cable so I would not have to carry an another charger on the road.
This Plantronics Voyager Pro is the best bluetooth I have owned. I paired it with the Droid Incredible (HTC) and the sound is clear and crisp, both indoors and out. Earpiece is comfortable and can be worn for long periods of time with no problem. Everyone I talk to can hear me and do not realize that I am on a bluetooth headset. And I can hear them loud and clear. A great investment and I would highly recommend.
I have owned many different brands of bluetooth headsets. The only headsets that seem to work great are the types with a long boom mic. This headset is not the most comfortable because of the large body behind the ear but I can live with this for perfect preformance on hearing and being heard well. I don't like the type of headsets that block hearing of non phone conversations in the ear being used. This headset has great volume and still allows non-phone conversations to be heard. If function is the most important issue, this is the best headset. Its a four out of five on comfort and appearance.
This headset is great! The dual-mic technology is more than just pseudo-scientific-marketing-jargon! The Voyager PRO works so well in the wind where my previous headset, thePlantronics Voyager 510, fell short! The Voyager PRO has a nice sturdy design, the buttons are easy to use, it's comfortable to wear, and the sound quality is great. The device was very easy to pair with my iPhone 3G; there's no voice dialing but this is due to the iPhone firmware and not the headset. The battery life is better than thePlantronics Voyager 510but since I charge every night, both devices' battery life are more than sufficient. If wind is not an issue for you (ie. you plan on using the headset mostly in a car or indoors) then I'd recommendPlantronics Voyager 510since it's 2x-3x cheaper but otherwise I highly recommend the Voyager PRO!
This product:* was comfortable* functioned as advertised* had good battery life* was loud enough* had good outgoing sound (based on comments of those who called)* was FRAGILE--the stem between the battery compartment and earpiece brokeThe poor durability is my biggest concern.  If it only lasts a few months, it's a poor value at more than $80.
At least from my experience.  I've had 12 that I can remember and I've now bought 3 of these in a row.  One broke because my son stepped on it, the other I lost.  But I can't imagine something doing a better job.  It's easy to pair and the sound quality is fantastic.  It filters out background noise and just does a great job.
This is my fourth bluetooth headset, and *finally* I have one that actually works consistently!  It's reasonably comfortable, and the sound quality is great.  People used to always complain of difficulty hearing me when I used my headset, but I never get complaints on this one, even when I'm talking to my wife, who holds no punches when it comes to technology. The dual-mic and boom set up seems to really make the difference.I don't get the other review's caveat about beards.  I have a full beard, and I have never had any discomfort at all.  In fact I occasionally forget I'm wearing it.
So far I've come to the conclusion that almost no bluetooth headset can block out background noise completely but the Plantronics Voyager Pro does a great job.  Again, it's seemgingly large size belies the comfort one experiences while wearing this headset.  My petite wife did not believe me in saying that it was so light just as any other "in ear" piece until she tried it.This headset can be finicky BUT I've used Motorola and Samsung headsets as well, and I believe it's more inherent of the bluetooth spec than the quality of these items hence why there is bluetooth 3.0...4.0 and most likely will keep going on until the tech becomes "reliable".
If you can find it, the refurbished model is amazing value. It came in bubble wrap, no clunky packaging, just an instruction manual and charger.  The full price model also comes with a set of small and large earbuds (the medium bud fits my ear just fine, as I expect it will most people).I listened to a voicemail I'd left while a horse was walking directly in front of me, and about 1 second after I'd started speaking, the CLIP CLOP almost completely cut out.  Impressive.  The background traffic was inaudible too.When speaking with nothing in the background, a friend confirmed I sounded perfect and not like I was on a cellphone.Now, you can't quite speak softly with gale force winds blowing around you, but if it's really windy and you speak up, you can be heard, although the other party will know you're outdoors in a noisy environment.  So it's not magic, but it's really good.I would suggest spending a few minutes practicing putting it on with one hand.  It's fiddly, like many wireless headsets, but once you get the hang of it (including noticing when the boom has been accidentally rotated to fit the opposite ear, which can happen easily) it becomes effortless, so you're not struggling to put it on while answering a call!The manual states that if the cellphone goes out of range, one tap on the power button will re-connect, but that didn't work with my Nokia 6300, and I have to power the headset off and on again.It's nice that tapping the power button shows how much battery life remains, depending on whether you see 1, 2, or 3 flashes.I used to have a first-generation Jabra headset, with frequent poor sound quality: this is a world of difference!
I typically don't spend a lot on a wireless headset.  I've found most of the ones I've used to be very good, and I've used my old Logitec Mobile Freedom headset for close to five years and I've always found it to work great. My requirements are the basics: good sound quality, comfort, and cutting down wind/background noise.I could not be happier with the Plantronics Voyager Pro.  It does cost a bit more than some others, but you get what you pay for.  This things has very good sound quality on both ends, all but eliminates wind noise when driving, even with the windows open, and it remains comfortable.  I've had it on my head for the bulk of a day while on conference calls, and hardly noticed it was there.So....what's in the box?* The Voyager Pro headset* Three sizes of soft gel eartips* Two foam eartip covers* AC Charger* User GuideSetup of the Voyager Pro is typical of a headset.  It charges quickly, usable within a half hour or so and fully charged in 90 minutes.  It pairs easily with phones.  Just turn the headset on and it goes into pairing mode.  It remains in pairing mode for 10 minutes.The microphone is a little larger than most other headsets, but not a huge deal.  The dual microphones with excellent sound quality more than make up for that.Controls are simple to use:* Volume button on the top of the earpiece: press the front (+) to increase volume and rear (-) to lower it.  Or press both + and - to mute, and you get a voice prompt of "Mute On"!* A mini USB port is located on the earpiece bottom for charging.* The 'Call Control' button is located on the center of the earpiece.  this button does everything from answer/end calls, transfer between the headset and phone, decline a call, redial, voice-activated redial, or even check if the device is powered on.I found that this product holds a charge nicely.  I used about 5 hours of talk time in a 10 hour period and still left the device on all night and it was fine this morning, and I used it for another hour or two today.Of course lots of things impact your talk time and even your standby time.I pair this device with my Motorola Razr V3 as well as a Blackberry Curve 8310 and have tried it on a Pantech Matrix C740 too.  No issues pairing and functioning.So, OK - lots of products have these features so why pay more for the Voyager Pro.  If you use a headset infrequently, perhaps just to chat briefly with a friend and are mostly indoors, you probably will be happy with a less expensive product.  However, if you are in the car a lot, with a good deal of background noise, especially road/wind noise, the performance of this unit in that respect alone makes it a consideration for purchase.  Coupled with the overall high sound quality, I would say this product is perfect for someone who requires high quality sound on conference calls when they are mobile.
There are strings  (cord) attached  not wireless.  Light weight, well constructedbut no volume control, to me ,,restrictive! But that's me !  If you are used to  a corded product this ear piece is high quality ,  nice very basic,,  but effective!!  I gave it a 4  as I am into  cordless  so ,, ?  Good product !
This head piece was too bulky for my liking. However, the sound quality was outstanding!
At my office, for years, I have used thePlantronics CS70/HL10 DECT 6.0 Bundle Wireless Headset System with Lifterand love it.  It fits perfectly, is full of volume and microphone adjustments and I don't notice it is on me.I have also used thePlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging] as my primary headset with my previous Motorola RAZR and loved it.  However, when I switched to the iPhone 3GS, people couldn't hear me well anymore.Upon first using the Voyager Pro, the other person sounded more digitized than the 510.  Also, my biggest problem with this headset -- the other person sounds quiet, tinny and distant.  I tried the various earpieces with and without the felt cover, but it was all the same.  In comparing the 510 with this model, the 510's earpiece goes much deeper into the ear canal, getting the speaker deeper in, creating a better sound and sealing out other sounds.  Even when pushing in the Voyager Pro, the earpiece collapses instead of going deeper in.I had these hearing issues with the volume all the way up with the windows up in the car.  If I had the windows down, it would be impossible to hear.I wasn't impressed with the controls of the Voyager Pro compared with the 510 either.  The power button is difficult to find and push compared to the 510.  The volume button are difficult to distinguish from one another.  On the 510, each has a different slope, making it easy to know which is which.  The answer/hang up/voice dial button forces you to smash the whole headset into your ear canal to activate and it is difficult to know whether you are pressing it.  On the 510, you could hear the button being pushed or let off and you could easily counteract the force with your thumb behind, keeping the earpiece from crushing your ear.This is just not usable for me, I will be returning it.  Now back to the drawing board.
This is a must have for ANYONE with a Bluetooth capable cell phone. Walking, riding in the car, or just hanging at home, this is a necessary accessory. The sound is clear and its easy answer is a must especially for anyone who uses their cell in the car. Great product! Great sound! Great fit! Easy set-up! Easy to use!
It works well enough for a consumer grade audio device, which means it's about as good as the rest of them, which means it's really not all that great.To claim that it can block 80dB of background noise is ridiculous. Do they mean it has an 80dB signal to noise ratio? It doesn't. I doubt it is 10dB. The first thing I did with it was call my wife, who was sitting next to me. She answered on speaker-phone so I could hear the call quality and we had a laugh about the long duration echo she heard on her phone. So that means it was clearly picking up her phone which certainly wasn't my mouth, so it is very sensitive to outside sound.Having use aviation and military headsets which have proper noise cancelling microphones I can only describe the claims for this device as laughable.But compared to other crummy consumer headsets it is at least clear for the person you are calling.With 600 other reviews of this product nobody is ever going to read this, but if anyone does at least you won't have unreasonable expectations.
It's a big ear piece and initially I was going to send it back. But after using it a couple days I realized it's quite good.There are a couple down sides but it's such a good product I'm keeping it.After each call it announces how many hours and minutes are left on the battery. The sound quality is very good.On the downside, it's loose in the ear. I ordered some size small rubber ends to see if it makes a difference. The ear piece isn't designed to fit into your ear canal but it's something I can overlook. The other downside is I haven't seen a car holder you can stick to your dash for holding the big ear piece when you're not using it.The voice quality is so good for both incoming voice and outbound voice it's a good unit to hold onto.
I have used many Bluetooth head sets in my time and this is the best.My previously unit was the Plantronics 510 that has been so highly rated wherever opinions are recorded.  The Voyager Pro is the next generation of that head set.I purchased this headset from Plantronics the very first day it became available and they offered a free car charger with purchase.  I say this because I've been using the PRO every day, all day since.  As a matter of fact two days ago I left in a restaurant and was so panicked I was going to order a new one overnighted at any cost; that's how much I enjoy and need this product!  Thank goodness a Good Samaritan turned it in.Pros:- Very good incoming and outgoing sound quality.- Very good noise reduction.- No blue blinking on the unit to distract others.- Very good unit comfort because of the balanced weight behind the ear.- Gel ear insert is an improvement over the previous version (which wasn't bad either).  I've not had this ear piece come off one time ... this is an improved feature over the 510.- Less static than other Bluetooth sets.- Distinctive on/off tones that leave you no doubt as to unit status.- Verbal low battery message (very cool).- Charges very quickly.Cons: (I'm struggling here)- Perhaps a little less battery life than the 510.  I need to insert here the fact that I'm in business development and use around 5000 minutes per month.  If you are a normal minute's user you probably won't even notice this issue.Like I said before....  WOW!
The Voyager PRO Bluetooth Headset does what it says it does, and it does it well. I've used it with my Samsung Epic 4G, an LG Optimus, and my Playstation 3. Pairing and connecting is relatively simple. The battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage. The device is very comfortable on the ear.I'd like the ability to press a button and use voice commands without having to touch my phone - but this involves the phone and can't be described as a fault of the headset.
Take it from a guy who's a construction worker/truck driver that has pretty tried out most of the high end bluetooth headsets out there. This head set is everything that plantronics says it is. The BlueAnt and the Jawbone were some of the most uncomforable headsets that I ever bought and on top of that the call quality wasn't even near the quality of both incoming and out going that the Voyager/Pro has.The Voyager/Pro headset can be worn ALL day long with no discomfort. I've had many a call that ask me if Im on a land line when I've been on my Voyager/Pro. I've read many reviews on the Voyager/Pro that where a little on the negitive side, mostly due to the looks of the piece, to clunking looking.........who cares ! It does the job,,,pairing up to the phone to make and recieve calls with excellent sound.
Uncomfortable and noise cancelling is much better with other brands. I use headsets to communicate while driving, often at interstate speeds, and this headset is difficult to hear and for my customers to hear me on. It is also very bulky behind my ear and, with glasses on, gets quite uncomfortable quickly.Also, the small rubber-like connector section between the main battery and electronics section (behind the ear) and the boom is very prone to breaking. Two of these broke in less than a year for me. Just a less than perfect engineering design IMHO.Finally, if you have any face hair or stubble, it will probably get caught in the mic screen and/or cause scratching noises in your listener's ear.
I have had a ton of headsets, both wired and bluetooth. Nothing is better that this one- period.  Sounds great at both ends and does a fine job of filtering out wind noise etc..
This Plaintronics Voyager Pro is the Nokia behind-the ear headset that was available several years ago, updated with modern electronics, and flexible design that the Nokia lacked.I called my own answering machine to see what this headset sounded like, and it sounded easily as good as a wired desk phone. There was no weird echo or hollow comb-filtering you sometimes hear in boom type headsets or duplex radio sets.After settling on the "small" sized ear insert without the foam cover-ting, I just left the thing on my right ear to see how long I could stand having it there.Pretty soon I had forgotten it was there. This has never happened before.A note for those who don't read all the instructions, the little earpieces mount into the headsets by a bayonet-type 1/4 turn twist, so don't try to just pull the things straight off the mount or you may rip the soft material. Three different sizes are included, and aftermarket replacements of three of your chosen size are available here.The unit charged fully in a couple of hours and comes with a wall-wart charger which is typical for units like this.The audio cues the set gives are helpful, once you learn what the various tone-codes mean. The set gets L-O-U-D too. If you're working in a noisy environment you will probably love this unit.A tap on the earpiece switch (which is located right at the ear insert on the outside,) and a call is answered or dropped. The switch is so well integrated you can't even see it in the photos here.It's kind of difficult to find the exact right "P.C." words to describe the aesthetics other than to say it looks like it was not designed as a fashion accessory just for women. Looks like professional communications equipment, but does not resemble a tactical military headset, either. A nice compromise between no-nonsense and professional good looks.I did find that the duplex can be "fooled" by brushing against the microphones while listening to someone and that will start overriding incoming audio. Don't know if this is common with all noise cancelling or other BT headsets. The answer is, don't tap or rub the mics when listening to someone or voice messages. :-)To sum up:-Sounds like a good, wired desk phone-Loud when you want it to be-Adjusts and so comfortable you forget it's there-Looks professional without being Tacti-cool.Great price now at Amazon from the original retail. If I had to do it over again I'd choose this one without thinking twice.
I preface this review with the caveat that I started using the Voyager Pro at the same time I purchased the Motorola Droid X. I suspect the excellence of the Android design is helping with my bluetooth success after all these years. Previously I had HTC Windows Mobile phones and before that Treos. I tried 7 different bluetooth headsets in the past but had to discontinue each due to callers complaining they couldn't hear me well. I persisted because working Bluetooth is valuable to me in my work with clients.I've been using the Voyager Pro for about a year. It's worked so well I bought a second one so I always have one charged up and ready to go. I use my mobile phone for many hours a day with the Voyager Pro and have never gotten one complaint about clarity, volume level or choppiness. Even though its physically large its design is so well balanced I forget I'm wearing it.The controls are simple and well placed, it warns me when battery is low but keeps working for about 20 minutes giving me time to swap out. When I turn it on it pairs immediately without fuss unlike my past experiences.I bought the holster for it so I don't have to constantly wear it but have it at hand at all times.
I have had very little problems with this headset, and have been able to use it with 4 phones, from 3 different phone providers without any complications. I have had one for a little over 4 years, now, and am only now starting to see some problems with syncing. I do plan on replacing it with another Voyager PRO.I enjoy this headset so much, I have purchased one for both my spouse and mother, each of whom are very satisfied with their bluetooth.The only down side to this headset is if you have small ears, or wear bulky glasses, then the device does seem to be obstructive and bulky. Otherwise, it's very lightweight, and the noise-cancellation feature makes for good phone communication (I once had an entire conversation with someone while driving with the window open, and nothing was commented by the recipient on the other end).
I've been through a few Bluetooth devices and the most common shortcomings have been 1. Doesn't stay in your ear, 2. Shotty call quality and 3, rediculous or very short range.  Respectfully, much of this is dependant on the phone also i.e. pairing with a blackberry may well work out better than pairing with a lower quality device.  Not withstanding that input, I can say I haven't had in sub premium phones but still fell victim to inferior bluetooth devices.  This headset is impressive though considerably larger because.... 1. It stays in and on my ear, 2. Sounds exceptional, even people I've spoken to state I sound better speaking through the bluetooth than when I'm speaking into the phone directly and 3. I can walk away from the phone probably in the range of about 20 to 30 feet and still have a connection with the phone though you'll start to hear static.  I highly recommend this appliance to all and rate it very highly.  Just for those who might want to know, I have a blackberry storm.  Good Job Plantronics!!!!
If you are looking for the best Bluetooth, this is the best one out there. It's a little bit bigger than the normal size Bluetooth's out there. However, I only use it in my car. The sound is extremely clear that you won't believe you have a Bluetooth. Also, it has noise reduction so you won't hear the other end complaining about noise feedback. I have had it for 1 year and it still works.
I bought this headset based on the excellent product reviews plus my own experience with the Plantronics "over the head" wireless headsets we use in the office.Positives:+ The Plantronics Voyager is very easy to set up and pair with a bluetooth phone.+ The people I talk to report that the sound quality on the other end is very clear.+ Excellent battery life.+ Reversible feature is very clever -- the headset can be worn on either side.+ The headset is lightweight and surprisingly comfortable.Negatives:- For me, the headset does not fit well, which has a significant impact on sound volume on my end.  Given the angle at which the earpiece is attached to the electronics/battery compartment, the earpiece won't stay firmly seated in my ear, which makes it hard to hear even at the highest volume.  I have to use my free hand to keep the earpiece pushed firmly into my ear canal, which defeats the purpose of a hands-free headset.- The controls are very tiny and hard to manipulate without looking.  Specifically, the position of the volume controls on top of the unit makes them hard to use while driving.- The primary control (for taking calls, hanging up, etc.) is on the outside surface of the earbud.  Given the problems I have keeping the earpiece firmly seated in my ear, I often have to push the device more firmly into my ear; and given the position of the off switch, it means that I routinely inadvertently hang up on calls.In a nutshell:  If this device fits for you, you can can expect the usual Plantronics quality, which is excellent.  But if it doesn't fit, it will be frustrating to use (after a month, I stopped using mine and switched to a different hands-free solution).  Unfortunately, I don't know of any way to "try on" the headset unless you have a friend who owns this model.
I wanted to get this out there in case it helps someone else.When I first paired the VP with my Samsung Behold (easy) and started checking it out, I was immediately disappointed with the sound quality. (Read on - this was just a setting issue) It sounded like it was full of static and as another reviewer mentioned, if I held my phone right near the VP, the sound would become clear. That's not how it's supposed to work, though.With some experimentation I figured it out. Since it first seemed like a signal strength issue, and I had bought a silicone boot for my Behold, I thought maybe it was attenuating the Bluetooth signal and causing the problem. I took off the boot but no luck -- same level of static.Cutting to the chase, the problem wasn't signal strength though I can't explain holding the phone near the VP clearing up the signal. What did fix things was turning off "Remote SIM Mode" in the Bluetooth settings on the phone.Remote SIM Mode allows car phone kits to access information on your SIM card. I have no need to have this turned on and can't help but think that allowing it is a security risk.Now, with Remote SIM Mode turned off, the sound quality is great and I can work on getting used to the controls and features. One thing about the VP I can tell already is that it is very comfortable. I have no experience with Bluetooth earpieces but do have with wired ones and this is much more comfortable. I also like being able to initiate calls strictly with the VP and voice recognition commands.I don't know if this Remote SIM Mode thing will be important to me at some time or not. I also don't know if the issue with having it enabled and getting static is the fault of the VP or the Samsung Behold. With there being more than one person having the same issue with multiple different makes and models of phones, it would tend to imply it could be the VP or just a fundamental issue with the Bluetooth implementation of Remote SIM Mode. But anyone having the static issue should see if their phone supports this and allows them to turn it off.After a few weeks with the VP, I really like it. Sound is clear. The audio cues are great. Battery life seems fine.Anyone having problems with noise, please check your phone to see if remote SIM is running and try the VP with it turned off. I'm now regretting giving it 4 stars when brand new - it deserves 5 stars.
I was surprised when I got this little bluetooth...Setup was typical of a headset and being familiar with past and present models of all the leading brands in headsets I thought that this was going to be nothing special... let me tell you now that I was blown away when I tried this headset.Sound was much more crisp and "real" but most of all it was the most comfortable headset that I have tried and that hands down beats every other headset!After a few calls I noticed how people said that I sounded different on the phone while using this headset and that being that people saying that I sound much better and the headset lives up to its hype on saying that it helps cancel outside noise and it does just that.
Love my headset
Plantronics makes some of the best headsets ... both wired and bluetooth ... in terms of sound quality and this headset does not disappoint.  I would often have problems using bluetooth headsets outside if there was any wind because the wind sound is what was transmitted to the person I'm talking to and not my voice.  This headset does a good job correcting that issue with the "noise canceling technology".  And the price point is pretty good, all things considered.That's the good news.The bad news is that it was uncomfortable to wear and the relatively long "boom" made it embarrassing to be seen in.  I'm assuming that it must have been designed for males with larger heads.  The piece that fits in the ear was obviously not designed for a woman's ear because it was too big and I was always wanting to whack it away -- defeating the purpose of the headset in the first place.I much preferAltec Lansing 906/R US BackBeat Headphone with Donglebecause it is more comfortable and feel like the sound quality is better.  While it doesn't necessarily do as well at blocking out background noise, I would rather find a quieter spot to talk than wear something that hurts.
This bluetooth has over 1000 reviews, so there is not much to add but I love this bluetooth. It's more lightweight than it looks and the sound quality is incredible. No one has asked me to repeat anything. The adjustable mic is also a nice feature, and the loop stays securely on my ear. I used to be a Motorola bluetooth fan, but lately I've been buying and recommending Plantronics to everyone I know.
I got this earpiece for my husband he is a semi truck driver so of course he needs his hands free.Anyway he really enjoys this earpiece the only problem he has with it is it runs the battery down on his phone. but that is on him he talks alot he talks almost the full ten hours he is in the truck and then the ear piece is still going. this is very much worth the money we paid for it.
The Plantronics Pro Voyager is hands down, the best sounding Bluetooth headset that I've tried.I've used multiple Bluetooth headsets over the years, Motorolas, Jawbones, and other Plantronics models.  The Plantronics models have always had the best sound and usually the best fit of any earpiece, and the Voyager Pro is no exception.  There is a soft, squishy ear bud that fits into your ear.  I normally hate earbuds because they don't stay in my ear, but these soft buds fit in and stay in.  There are also a couple sizes of earbuds in the package.  By having an earpiece that fits inside your ear, and not outside--like most Motorolas, what you hear on your end is louder and clearer sound without a lot of ambient background noise.  I view this as a plus.  In addition, there is a loop that fits over your ear to secure the fit.  Unlike the Plantronic 640-680 line, the ear loop not an add-on, but it's actually part of the headset in the Voyager Pro.  The ear piece fits securely, and doesn't feel too weighty.  There is a long boom mic that protrudes from the ear piece and reaches about halfway down your cheek.  The mic is sensitive and provides good outgoing sound quality.  It holds up well in a car while driving, however, don't expect miracles if you're outside on a windy day; the Voyager will still pick up some wind background noise.The Voyager Pro can save it's settings to pair with two different devices.  I had it pair a RAZR, Centro, Xenon, and also my PS3.  Although I didn't test the sound quality on my PS3, it worked great for all of the phones I tried it with.As far as negatives go, the biggest thing is that the thing is...big.  There is a long boom mic coming out of your ear.  So if you're walking around downtown, it might not be the coolest looking thing on the planet.  However, if you're looking for outstanding sound quality and a good fit in your ear, you can't go wrong with the Voyager Pro.
I previously owned a Plantronics Voyager 510.  I was so happy with it, that I bought this one, thinking it was a leap forward.  I was extremely disappointed.  It didn't stay connected as well as the much older 510, sound quality wasn't as good either for me or the people I spoke to with it.  It broke where it was supposed to pivit while inserting it in my ear one day.  I glued it back and got another 5 months of use before it simply quit working.  I attempted to replace the large ear insert, and could not buy them with the covers.  I had to change a flat tire in the sun one day, and I guess my sweat, or the heat of being in my ear in the 95 degree sun killed it.  I've done a lot more with the older Voyager 510, it still works, but after nearly six years the battery isn't charging well, so it is time to replace.  I won't make another mistake and buy a Voyager Pro though.  I'll look for something else.
This is hands-down the best Bluetooth headset I've ever owned, and I've owned a dozen or so over the years.  The earpiece is loud enough for use in a car at 75mph.  The mic picks up your voice very well and everyone I talk with reports not being able to tell that I'm on a headset.  The battery lasts all day, even with an hour and a half or two worth of active talk-time.  Now for the downsides: it's still a Bluetooth headset, so sound quality isn't perfect; it's much bulkier and more awkward than other headsets; it's damn expensive.  Do yourself a favor and buy this one if you have to have a Bluetooth headset for use in the car or around the office, but know that it's not perfect and there will still be frustrations.  It's the best (by far) of a bad bunch.
I'm the type to research anything and everything before I buy, so of course I spent quite a bit of time reading and watching reviews of both the Voyager Pro and the Discovery 975. After much debate, I decided to go with the Pro, and I am so glad I did... It's amazing!I decided on the Pro, because I wanted a 'behind the ear' design for both optimal comfort and stability. Also, my research shows that the Pro has the upper hand when it came to straight audio performance. It excels in both areas. Here are some of my thoughts and impressions on different aspects of the device.First, the size and fit... Do NOT worry about the size of the device. It appears much larger and more intimidating in photos than it is in person. It's actually a very comfortable, manageable size. When it's on your ear, it doesn't seem out of place. It seems appropriate and looks quite nice and professional. The behind the ear design means that the device is VERY stable. Once it's in place, I can move freely about with no fear that it will fall out. I can swing my head around in all directions, and I never feel as though it's going to fall out.It's also VERY comfortable. I totally agree with other reviewers who say they forget that they're wearing it. Very easy to do. It is very light... Barely over half an ounce, it is barely noticeable at all. It is perfectly balanced, so it doesn't flop or pull in any direction. It feels solid and I completely forget that I have it on. I've worn it for several hours at a time at work, and don't even feel it. It has never made my ear sore, nor the inside of my ear. The ear bud fittings are completely comfortable.Second, the buttons and features... Do NOT worry about the placement of the on/off switch, as some reviewers have mentioned. It is on the rear of the ear piece, and once you get used to it, it is easy to find and press. The volume buttons are on top, and are very naturally placed and easy to use. And the answer button is on the outside of the ear bud, very commonly placed like many bluetooth devices... In my opinion, I would prefer the answer button to be on top, but that's my personal preference.You can answer a call with one short press, and hang up the call with one short press. You can also long press and use voice activation to make a call, if your phone offers that ability. Or, you can long press when a call comes in to automatically refuse the call and send it to voicemail. You can short press twice to automatically redial the last number.Once your on a call, you can mute the call and hear an audible confirmation say 'Mute On' or 'Mute Off'. You can also switch between the headset and the phone easily. And you can pair the headset with more than one device. The volume goes louder than most other headsets I've tried. That, plus the design of the ear bud, plus the superior sound quality means that volume should not be an issue for you. It is plenty loud enough for me.Also, the battery lasts a LONG time. 90 minutes will fully charge the battery, and you get 6 hours of talk time. I don't have any issues running out of battery. Plus, when it does get low, the device notifies you with a voice that says 'Battery Low' and 'Recharge Battery'Third, sound quality and performance... It's amazing, plain and simple. The call quality is truly second to none. I was very impressed once I heard it for myself. When I'm on the headset, people tell me they can't tell. They always say I sound great, and don't cut in or out. And the best part is the wind/noise cancellation abilities. When I'm in the car with wind/road noise, my voice still sounds clear to them. Plus, callers always sound great to me, despite the noise conditions where they're at. It simply out performs any other headsets I've tried. And for this price, it is a steal.At Best Buy the Voyager Pro will cost you 99.00, but I got mine from my local Fry's store for 69.00 and paid an additional 11.00 for a two year, in store, replacemente warranty if it ever breaks. So my 81.00 investment is still cheaper than B.B. So, you should definitely grab one at this price. I would easily pay 99.00 for one if I had to, no hesitations.If you're debating between the Voyager Pro and the Discovery 975, then my research shows that although the 975 is newer, and offers a few more features with voice commands, the Pro still has the superior audio performance. Also, the 975 is not a behind the ear design, so it is less stable than the Pro. Plus the 975 is 60.00 more than the Pro. So, just truse me and get this. The Plantronics Voyager Pro is the best bluetooth of all the high end ones that I or any of my friends has, or has had, hands down.Hope this was helpful...*** UPDATE: JAN 2011 ***My girlfriend just bought the Discovery 975 yesterday, and we spent a couple hours testing it against my Voyager Pro for sound quality. Hands down, the Voyager Pro is completely superior!The noise cancelling, and wind reduction is noticeably better on my Pro. We tested them standing in front of a fan and air conditioner... Both blocked all the noise when you're not talking, but the 975 had interference when talking in the wind. The Pro was far better.We also tested it near a faucet and running water. Same noticeable difference... The 975 was particularly noisy and hard to listen to when near running water. The Pro blocked it out nicely.Outside near heavy traffic, also the same. The Pro was hands down superior. Also with heavy breathing and yawning. We were both really disappointed. She was hoping the 975 would be great because she can't wear the Pro comfortably because of her ear. She is returning it today and sticking with her old one.So, it's true what the professional reviewers say about the Pro having superior sound quality. All my testing proves the same.Hope that helps...
The first thing that I thought when I opened the package was BIG, this thing is too big! measuring 1.8" x 2.3" x 0.4" (4" wide if you count the mic) The retro look took me back to the good old days when I had a wired headset running down a cable from my ear all the way to my front pocket.The second thing that I noticed was that it comes with no car charger, it comes with a home charger, which is ok for most people but for someone like me who only uses the headset while driving, it makes it a little inconvenient.The third thing that I noticed kinda weird was that the instruction booklet was in spanish! but then I realised that I was reading the second half of the manual... The first half is the english side!It only took me about 2 minutes max to sync the Voyager PRO to my phone. I placed it around my ear and much to my surprise, it felt good, not heavy at all and very comfortable. once you have it on, all you can really see is the mic sticking out.I figured I would call my wife since she's the only person who would let me test it without asking me "why do you keep on asking me how you sound?"So I called her and pumped up the volume on the headset just to get a feel for the buttons (which are on the perfect spot)After asking her how her day was and not paying attention to her answer due to my interest in the sound quality only, I noticed that there was some static going on, just when I was thinking that, she asked "what's wrong with your phone?" I said "nothing, what's wrong with yours?" she said "are you going through a tunnel, because I can't really hear what you're saying" I told her I would call her back.I hung up the phone and called one of my friends, I told him I was testing my new headset and that I wanted to see if he could hear me clear, for which he replied "what? I can't hear you dude!" I told him I would call him back and hung up the phone.I went back to step one, I removed the headset from my phone's set up and restarted both gadgets, once again, it took me less then two minutes to sync them together.I called my wife once more and asked "can you hear me now?" she said "yeah, what was wrong with your phone?" I could hear her with such clarity that I didn't mind looking like a cyborg from an 80's movie in exchange for perfect voice quality!I can honestly say that my BlueAnt V1 is now 2nd best compared to the Voyager PRO when it comes to sound quality, there's a new kid in town! Now if next time Plantronics can do something about those looks, that would be great!
I always used a wired headset for many years with my cellphones, as I could never find one that really worked. They were either too fragile, battery didn't last long, can't hear the other end or the person on the end can't hear me or all of the above. I bought no less than five, then ended up returning them because I was not satisfied.However, this year, headset technology apparently has seen so much improvements. I bought a Blue-Ant this year and thought it worked great. Then come along the Plantronics PRO! When I talked using this headset, the person on the end had no idea I used a headset. And I can hear them fine, just like using a landline. I am sure that is the experience you will find with this wonderfull headset. And that is the most important thing.The headset is feather-light and fully adjustable. The ear-piece and mike swivel all directions, so it is easy to fit to the contour of your face. I like the boom mike, I can make sure that fit properly near my mouth when I talk. It is not as compact as most other headset, but very comfortable to wear. It also does nothave annoying flashing blue light so you won't get dirty look from people around you. Pairing it to the phone is super simple, took about 2 minutes. Effective range is good, I can talk fine with my cellphone in a different room more than 30 feet away.One thing I found, that if I don't use the headset for half a day, it seems to go offline and I have to reconnect it (not re-pair) on my cell phone. But it is simple enough, I just touch the Plantronics headset icon on my Samsung Eternity. The manual said the battery lasts 5 days on stand-by, but I guess it is depended on how much you use it. I used it about once or twice a day, and it is still going after a week.Highly recommend.
tried at least six different bluetooth headsets as of Dec2010.Pros:-best audio quality from a bluetooth headset i've ever come across (incoming & outgoing)-fits very well on either of my oddly shaped ears without any discomfort-stays in place-easily connects when powering on (pairing is also easy)-range is goodCons:-when wearing, an almost uncomfortable amount of pressure is needed to press ANY button.-very noticeable from a distance (just look any picture)
The Plantronics Voyager Pro headsets are about the best you'll ever find, in terms of sound quality, and comfort. The headset, while it looks absurd, is extremely comfortable, and the microphone is of significantly higher quality than any others. Everyone I've spoken with using this headset has said that the sound quality was as good as calling them from a land line.
Anybody who has used any headset in either wired or wireless configuration would certainly have been familiar with Plantronics. They are a company specializing in headset peripherals for business and home use. When the bluetooth headsets for cell phones started flooding the market, the one I chose was the Explorer 330. I have been using this since 2005 and the performance was more than what I expected. I am still using it now. When I got the Voyager PRO, I know I would be getting the same quality technology from Plantronics and I wasn't disappointed.This headset is full in features. One feature I especially liked is the noise-canceling and anti-wind feature where you can talk without the background noise even if it coming from the wind. Pairing was flawless on my phone that took less than a minute. The design was also very good, very technologically-savy design. It also comes with different-sized silicone ear tips and ear covers that caters to different fits of the ear. Its also very versatile and comfortable even for long periods of time that I even forget wearing one were it not for the sound I hear when my phone is ringing. Overall a very good product I would expect from Plantronics. It has surpassed every expectation I have with this company as a previous user of their products. I highly recommend this.
My biggest problem with the Bluetooth headsets is they are not loud enough.  If that is your main issue with the bluetooth headsets, then this one is not for you.  Purchase the Plantronics Voyager 510 over this one.  I have them both and the Plantronics Voyager 510 is definitely louder.  I tested both with same phone (Blackberry) and set max volume levels on both phone and bluetooth..  The 510 was around 25% louder IMO.  I'm going to return this one.
After almost 3 years of excellent service my Voyager Pro broke at the junction of the ear piece and the over the ear battery. Still works but is connected only by the wire.  I cant complain as I have worn it almost constantly since purchase (including in the shower accidentally) and can't imagine not have a BT connection to my phone.  I will be replacing it with another Voyager Pro.  Thanks.
I've tried a lot of wireless headsets, and this is hands down the best.  I lost one, and went out and bought another one - could never say that about any headset I tried.  The sound quality is very good, the headset is very comfortable, and people can actually understand me, regardless of whether I'm in a car, a hotel room, or walking down the street.  Battery life is excellent.Only complaint: maximum volume is a smidge low.  Clarity is excellent, but would like a bit louder.
The headset pairs fine and is comfortable enough, but isn't loud enough to hear well outdoors even at top volume.
I have owned several bluetooth headsets; this is by far the best. I do agree with some that the fit is not always the most comfortable with eyeglasses, but it fits solidly on my ear, does not fall off, the range is outstanding, and the voice quality is the best of those I have had. I have fiddled with the supplied ear molds and it now works well for me. I would not hesitate to spend the money all over again.
I ordered this Bluetooth device to allow me to use it while driving a bus.  Although my experience with bluetooth is very limited, I am impressed with this one.  Comfortable in the ear and clear sound as well as noise cancelling technology have made this a great choice.  I can hardly tell the device is in my ear, until I am making a call.
Like the title of my review suggests, the Plantronics Voyager PRO Bluetooth headset is the best quality, easiest to use mobile phone headset I've ever used ... and I've used five different Bluetooth headsets in the last two years.I was a bit concerned by the picture of the headset because it looks pretty massive in the photos. However, I find this headset to be just the right size and it fits around my ear without being to heavy or forcing my ear to stick out. The adjustable earpieces help you create the perfect fit, but the earpiece that came attached to the Yoyager PRO inside the box seems to work just right with my ear.Pairing the device with my Motorola Q9m smartphone was extremely easy and the Voyager PRO stays connected quite well ... even when I was more than 20 feet away from my phone. I've used the headset for at least 25 different phone calls ranging in length from less than five minutes to more than 30 minutes with almost zero problems. I have to say "almost" because I did have one odd phone call where the caller's voice came through sounding very distorted and I had to turn off the hands free mode on my phone and then turn it on again in order to get the Voyager PRO to output a voice that sounded normal. That was the only reason I gave this headset four stars and not a full five stars.In terms of performance, the always-on noise cancellation technology works well and people always claimed they couldn't tell I was using a Bluetooth headset when they heard me on the phone. The pivoting mic boom allows me to position the mic exactly where I want it and should help people who want to use this headset on their left ear.The automatic voice prompts for low battery and mute status don't always sound clear, but you can make them out. I never tested the multipoint technology for connecting two devices simultaneously to the headset, but I suppose that is a useful feature if you have two Bluetooth phones.Plantronics claims that the Voyager PRO has up to 6 hours of talk time or up to 120 hours (5 days) of standby time and I suspect that battery life estimate is pretty close to being accurate based on my time spent using the headset.Bottom line, I would recommend this headset to anyone looking for a good Bluetooth headset. It isn't perfect, but I haven't found a single Bluetooth headset that is.
well i just got my voyager today and im using it its nothing special like the volume could be a little louder. also just getting it on ur ear is a hassle and it was kinda expensive but as far as static or anything else its good i just hope im using it right  well thats all for now. By the way the case u can get on the website or here on amazon.
I have used Motorola 850's for years.  Issue with it is:  They are now hard to find and their durability is poor, so I elected to try the Voyager Pro.Pros:  It is very comfortable; I have worn it all day and eventually didn't notice it was there.  The speech quality received by the person I was calling was excellent.  Wind noise is lower than my 850, judged by several people I called.  Because the ear piece sits on the ear canal with a soft rubber sealing cushion, surrounding noises are also reduced.Cons:  The voice quality I am receiving, from many different callers, is below the quality of my Motorola 850.  But not by a lot.Unlike the 850 where turning the unit off was a simple matter of closing the boom microphone.  The Voyager requires you to push a button and wait for the red light to come on to shut it off.  If removed from your ear and not shut off, your phone will not ring; ringing will be from the Voyager which you will not be able to hear.Overall, however, the Voyager is a good substitute for my beloved 850.
With much anticipation, I tried the Jawbone Icon, eager to believe some of the rave reviews it has had. What a disappointment. The earhook is so flimsy that it came apart in the first 10 minutes. I had not opted to use the earbud only (don't trust those - always scared it will come out of my ear) - and although I tried two different size buds as well as the earhook, it was so loose that if I shook my head even slightly, it came out. The call sound was average - nothing to write home about, but after 30 minutes of having to constantly keep pushing it back into my ear and reattach the ear hook, I took it off and returned it. WASTE OF TIME. I then bought the Plantronics Voyager Pro and have to say that for stability, it is rock solid- it stays on my ear very well, stays in place, and the sound is like no other bluetooth I have had - even when driving, it has loud, good, clear sound and people that I ask say they hear me very clearly and loudly. The microphone is quite a bit longer than the other bluetooth headsets out there and it actually looks like a microphone - some people may think this is a bit old fashioned but I love it - it brings the mic closer to my mouth so when I speak, I sound MUCH better - This one is a KEEPER.
Well I read the ad and I watched the video - it all made sense so I bought the product.  Well it DOES work as advertized. The noise cancelling feature is amazing.  I was driving my diesel SUV on the highway with a ton of ambient noise and I called a geek friend.  He could not hear anything but my voice loud and clear.  The bonus was that I could hear him loud and clear as well.  The only reason I would only go 4 stars for this is that it is still a somewhat bulky geekey device and I have to turn the volume up with each call.  It does not seem to hold the setting?  Other than that it is truly a superior product.  I have purchased and returned at least 6 different types of these in the past but this one is a keeper for sure.  With the lawmakers all over the world making rules against cell phone use in the car its the only way to go.  PS I also have a speaker phone device for the car but it is totally useless by comparison.
I would not hesitate to recommend this product to a friend.  I set it up to work with my personal phone and my work phone.Pros: Setup was easy; the on/off indicator light is conveniently located next to the power button; it's very lightweight and comfortable to wear; the sound quality is great, both for the the user and the party being called; and it can be used with either ear by simply rotating the mic boom 180-degrees.Cons: I took one star away because I've experienced some problems with voice-command recognition on both of my cell phones.  This doesn't present a major problem for me, and given the opportunity I would have given this product four-and-a-half stars.
Was skeptical when I read the raves about this newPlantronics Voyager PRO Bluetooth Headsetwhen it was first announced. Am a heavy cell phone user, and spend quite a bit of time on the road and in environments where I need a good and reliable hands-free solution for communication. There have been a number of Bluetooth headsets released in many different price ranges over the past few years, and I've bought many of them, some of which now sit uselessly in the bottom of my electronics drawer.But this time the raves were right, as in my opinion, it's tuned out to be the best one on the market to date. Read on and you'll see why I came to this conclusion.First Impressions:Upon arrival, opened it immediately, as I had a good test scenario in which to use it the following day: walking around a noisy outdoor flea market. The packaging was excellent, and found immediately that the instruction manual was written in a very clear and concise fashion, with easy-to-follow text and good illustrations. Followed the directions and charged the unit for the suggested 30 minutes before first use.As it was charging, looked carefully at the new Bluetooth headset and immediately thought that it might be uncomfortable, as the battery pack portion which rests behind the ear appeared larger than many on the market. I also wear glasses, and didn't think that it would be at all comfortable. Found later that I was quite wrong in both cases.After its initial charge, tried to see how easy it might pair with my often-stubborn cell phone, and exercise that has sometimes required a few tries. The Plantronics Voyager PRO paired up on the very first try, which was a first for this user. Found that the standard medium ear tips were a perfect fit, and then tried each of the additional ones that came with the unit, settling back to the original. I wear my Bluetooth headsets on the left side, and found it easy to change in seconds by rotating the boom mike. After all of this was done, finished charging the headset for the suggest 1.5 hours to full charge.Trial Run:The following day was a Saturday when I was going to be visiting a busy outdoor flea market with a friend, and it seemed to be the perfect time to test the unit. The noise levels were as expected, so I tried making a few calls using free weekend minutes. The first thing that people with whom I was talking noticed was that the sound was so clear, better than they had ever heard from my previous calls, and this was even with a moderate wind blowing at times. Most thought that I was still home.Wore the headset into the early afternoon, a little over eight hours straight, and found it to be the most comfortable Bluetooth headset that I've yet to encounter... for the most part didn't even realize that it was there. Also found that it didn't interfere with wearing glasses at all, which is a strong plus for this user.Pros:* Great ergonomics, fits easily right out of the box.* Superb sound quality, even in windy conditions.* First-rate controls for power, volume and call control.* Automatic voice prompts alert battery & mute status.* Excellent and clearly written instructions.* Non-proprietary charger port (micro USB).* Up to six hours of continuous talk time, confirmed.* Single charge standby of five days..Cons:* None. Can't find a single one so far... another first.Regular Use:The Plantronics Voyager PRO has become an item that I use daily, which I couldn't say about my old Bluetooth headsets, including my old basicMotorola H505 Bluetooth Headset, which had actually served me quite well for a couple of years. The Voyager PRO is far more comfortable and ergonomic than the photos might indicate, something that one can only find by actual extended use. Have worn mine for 12+ hours a day at a time, and it's been quite easy to adapt to over extended periods of time, with no discomfort whatsoever. I ride a mountain bike some distances over suburban streets and wooded trails on a regular basis each week, and the first thing that callers notice is that the sound quality is excellent, with no wind noise reported by anyone.Suggestion:Did some checking on the Plantronics site (just google Plantronics Voyager Pro) and found that if one registered the unit, the company would send out a free car charger. The site said: "Purchase a Plantronics Voyager PRO headset and register your new product to receive a FREE power charger for your car." So I registered mine, and within about a week received it and received another pleasant surprise in that the quality of the free car charger was as good as the Voyager Pro. So be sure to register your unit if you get one of these.Summary:Have had this unit for over a month now and have subjected it to more use than the average product that I might review here. Looked carefully to see if there were any flaws or omissions in the product or its performance and for once just couldn't find a single one.Kudos to Plantronics for bringing such a product to market, for it satisfies the Bluetooth headset needs of the demanding user such as me.  A true 5-star offering, without a doubt.[UPDATED]I would have kept this Voyager PRO Headset for years, as it perfectly satisfied all of my needs, but I had an accident with the one reviewed here, so when I had to get a replacement, I decided to replace it with thePlantronics Voyager 520 Bluetooth Headset, as it had been recommended by a friend as a reasonably priced alternative. That was a mistake, putting it simply, and since then have replaced the Plantronics Voyager 520 headset with the newerPlantronics Voyager PRO+ Bluetooth Headsetearlier in 2012, and recently posted a review on it, as can be seen in the notes here. The Voyager PRO+ was a logical move considering my personal needs, though whether it's any better that the Voyager PRO remains to be seen. I'll gladly keep answering questions on the older one as much as possible, as I've been doing all along... and thanks to all of you who have tracked this review.4/17/2012
This bluetooth lasted me less than a week... I have had over 15 and I was really interested in the dual speaker for clarity and pick up. not worth the price, the setup is flimsy and cheap. Broke very quickly...
In my experience Plantronics makes quality products with well thought out design.I've enjoyed using this headset so far although I don't put alot of minutes on my headsets.  The toughest part with this headset for me was getting it working out of the box with my Palm Centro phone.  After I fiddled around with the instructions and the headset and phone I finally got it working.  Once it was working I will have to say that it is very comfortable for me and the sound quality is good.  This is better than my old bluetooth headset that is a few years old but then again technology in general keeps getting better.  If I had to give a wishlist item I would say give me a car recharger rather than a home plug rechargers since I tend to keep my headset in the car.  All in all, nice produce...I deducted one star for my initial setup tinkering.
I origionaly had the 510, that is a great headset. I was not able to hear on it any more when I went to my new phone, Samsung A877. I tried many others first and all had the same problem, sound quality was low. This one is set to one below highest but the sound is great. The wind is still heard by callers but the sound quality to them is better.
I bought this product in trying to find the best bluetooth option for talking on my cell phone when on business trips and away from my desk.  I needed a bluetooth headset that could be on my ear for hours and be loud and clear for listening as well as have a perfect microphone with background noise filtering for when I speak.  The Plantronics Voyager Pro is good, but not great from my experience with over 40 hours of using it so far.#1 The other reviewers are right, I had about a 1/4" long scruffy beard growing in and the microphone screen snags on beard hairs on your cheek badly, this was almost too painful to wear this device with even 3 day old scruff on your face.  The screen requires a foam cover if you have a beard.#2 the microphone is strong, but the noise filtering doesn't seem to work very well.  My callers can hear me fine but they can hear everything else in the background too, even distant noises like dog barks.  The wind filtering is medium and it gets pretty windy here.#3 the audio itself is too low, I had to switch to the lowest size ear buds so they fit deeper in my ear canal.  Even then with my phone at max audio volume, and my Voyager Pro at max audio volume the audio is only "just able to be heard" I really wish it could have pushed the volume louder to account for people who talk with soft voices.  I have had over the head 2.5mm headphones that provide louder audio volumes.Overall, the Plantronics Voyager Pro isn't a bad product, but for as much as it costs you would expect it to have better volume and to include a foam covering for the microphone for people who may want to grow beards.
I've used the 510 for years to great success. But I am often leaving for home late at night from the office and my SO wants to stay on the phone with me until I get home. The walk from my office to the open air lot gets quite windy and he can never hear me then.The Pro seems to be quite an improvement over that.But I do have the following problems with it:1. It constantly falls off my ear. So did the 510 but not as often as the Pro. I must have small ears or something. But a slight head tilt or even just moving around quickly will cause the Pro to eventually dislodge and fall out. The little ear insert does not insert at all and the Pro feels constantly like it is barely hanging on.2. I still have the Razr -- waiting until HTC updates its Droid so it will have voice activation with Blue tooth (can you believe such an excellent phone would come out without that software probably one of the most important safety features when it comes to driving!?!) And I read in another review that the Pro won't stay connected to the Pro.Well I was already starting to have a lot of problems with dropped calls on my Razr - it is time for that phone to go -- but the dropped calls are almost non-stop with the Pro.  But that is not a reason not to get the Pro; it is my problem that I am still using an antiquated phone because none of the new ones appeal to me yet.But I still give the headset 4 stars for all of the positive attributes cited in other reviews here.
Dual mic technology is the newest breakthrough in cutting edge headsets and quality audio products.  This Plantronics Voyager Pro is one of the best I've tried but does have minor flaws.I keep giving these dual mic products 5 stars because they keep impressing me with their ability to improve audio quality.  I gave this one 4 due to a minor flaw that's a bit annoying for those of us with facial hair - the wind screen on the boom mic catches my beard and rips out hairs at least a few times a day!  Ouch!!  I've since noticed another reviewer mention the same problem so it's not just me.  If not for that, this headset probably would've gotten 5 stars.  But I can't deny the fact that using this headset is literally painful!The Voyager Pro indeed has superior audio quality.  I tend to be a bit soft spoken and I also work in an office with barking dogs, so being heard on the phone can be challenging.  No, this headset doesn't magically remove the barking dogs keeping only my voice for the caller to hear.  But a friend that I speak to regularly often complains about the shrill barking in the background.  It seems that headsets are so good at picking up audio that the dogs are amplified compared to what I hear live in person.  Anyway, this Voyager Pro does a good job of suppressing the barking and blunting the edge to the point where my friend can hear me loud and clear while the barking dogs are more tolerable on his end.  That's the advantage of dual mics.Dual mic technology is really popping up everywhere.  The results speak for themselves, literally!!  Every dual mic product I have is superior to every product I've tried with only 1 mic.  The comparison isn't even close.  I've made the analogy before but it's worth repeating -- dual mics are similar to the mechanics behind having two eyes and two ears -- dual mics offer more dynamic range, depth, clarity and have the ability to drastically improve call quality in headsets.  I'll never go back to single mic products again.  The difference is that significant.The boom mic on the Voyager Pro positions the dual mics closer to my mouth and callers say they can hear me loud and clear, as if I were in the next room.  And call volume on my end is equally loud and clear.  I credit that to Plantronics established reputation with headsets.Buttons are responsive and the unit itself feels sturdy.  I appreciated getting extra ear gels and foams too.  Always helpful when trying to get a good fit. And the headset itself does fit comfortably.  The boom makes it a bit larger than others but that's to be expected, but it's still light and I really don't notice I'm wearing it.My only other quibble is that my phone supports voice activated calling but there's no way to access it from the headset controls.  With other headsets, pressing the call answer button activates voice commands on my phone, but with the Voyager Pro, all I can do is answer a call or redial the last number dialed.  A bit of a let down for a product with the "Pro" moniker.  But I can't complain too much since voice dialing is problematic in itself.  But still, it can be useful when driving and I'd rather have the option available to me.UPDATE -- voice dialing does work.  you just have to hold the call button a while for it to kick in.The Voyager Pro is an excellent headset but I still have to give the edge to the BlueAnt V1 as my favorite dual mic headset.  I like that the BlueAnt is voice controlled and also talks to you, giving verbal confirmation of everything that's happening, from connection status to incoming calls and the works.  By contrast, this Voyager Pro only confirms battery and mute status.  But for those who don't want more sensory overload in their lives, the BlueAnt might be overkill.  This Voyager Pro is on par, if not slightly better at noise cancellation and the boom is a plus since it gets the mics closer to my mouth.So if you don't have a beard, or scruffy 5 o'clock shadow for that matter, then you'll be happy with the Plantronics Voyager Pro. If not, you might consider shaving or the BlueAnt V1 instead.  Otherwise, be prepared to lose a few facial follicles.
Plantronics Voyager PRO Bluetooth Headset Best headset that I have found, the cost is very good and would buy again
So the sound on this headset is really amazing. I have gone through quite a few bluetooth headsets and none can compare to this one. Occasionally it has some crackles; but nothing serious. It was seamless and easy to connect to my BlackBerry. It even works well when I was using it and riding my bike. The person I was talking to said it sounded windy, but it wasn't enough to bother her.The only thing I really don't like about this headset is the size. I feel like its 2001 again :p When I have it on and I get stuck in traffic making my 20 min drive longer, my ear starts to hurt. Maybe I have weak ears, but they are the only ones I've got. A quick remedy to this is to switch it to the other ear (the way the headset is makes this incredibly easy).
I bought this because my Plantronics voyager 510 did not have very good noise cancellation when I was in windy conditions.This voyager pro did well when I was out for a bike ride on the weekend but no matter which ear bud or pad I use, it is nowhere near as comfortable for long term wear as the 510.The bright blue light from the 510 was dimmed a down and moved so it no longer makes the interior of my truck blink blue at night.The charger is different - I wish they would just give you a USB charging cable.
I've had this for about a week and haven't had any complaints from clients as to sound quality. That's a great plus. Now, in a noisy environment i have trouble hearing them. So far I've yet to be able to get it to fit snugly. Another negative - i love to listen to any of my 3rd party Apps through my iPhone and it would never pick up. I called Plantronics Tech Support and was told i could listen to the iPod portion but no 3rd party apps -- WTH that's why i waited.I think it was a waste of money.
I had this headset for a while not something like 6 month+ this headset feels great on the ear weight free and comfy. the price is a little high yes but its worth for something that will last!! i had it dropped many times... not a scratch the battery last about 4-5 hours non stop and keeps a great charge. Must have if gonna spend a long time with your headset. Note!!!! not the best looking device =)
This headset does, in fact, have great reception and clarity.  People have remarked on how much better they can hear me since I upgraded from my old Plantronics headset, and I'm able to hear them more clearly, as well.  The folding mic is a nice feature, and the device is easy to re-align from left to right.  Five stars for those features, but...One star for fit. I really can't stand this headset for frequent use, simply because the fit is TERRIBLE.  My old headset fit securely and so comfortably that I'd forget I had it on.  Not so with this one.  It regularly pops off my ear - even when I'm not moving - and is almost impossible to fit with sunglasses or computer glasses on.  If I wear it for more than a few minutes, I actually get sore both on the outer and inner ear (where the earbud fits), and switching earbuds hasn't helped.  I'm actually considering going back to the old headset, even with the poorer sound quality - or just switching brands.  Someone has to have a nice marriage of sound and fit, but it isn't here.
This headset is a very comfortable over the ear design. It has a standard micro-usb charging port, making it easy to use a Blackberry or Android charging cable.
Got a refurbished one from Beach Camera, it was horrible, gouges in the plastic, no extra gells, sent back and reordered a "bulk packaged" NEW one from Beach camera off their web site,(watch out and read discriptions of Voyger Pro w/windscreen- they are the refurbished ones) the new one with bulk packaging was perfect. Like the product, it is loud and just perfect bluetooth headset, but beware refurbished, its not worth the saving of a few bucks.  Check out Beach Camera for the NEW one in bulk packaging.
I've reviewed quite a few bluetooth headsets over the years. This is the best one I've ever owned- bar none. People I've talked to say that it sounds like I'm in the same room as them. I have small ears and one of my biggest complaints has been that so many of the bluetooth headsets are too big and don't fit well. This one fits perfectly, and by design it should fit most ears regardless of size.The headset is very secure. I was so saddened when two or three bluetooths back I lost one after about a week. It was one that did not have an ear loop and it cost more than this one. This one will not fall off of your ear, and despite it's big size, it is very lightweight and has not caused me any pain even after using it for a week now.It charges with a micro usb plug, the same one my mouse, phone, and several other devices use. If you are looking for good, reliable sound quality and don't mind your bluetooth really standing out, this is a great choice.
I go through a lot of head sets and I am going through this one is going to be no different-as in I am going to send it back! This thing is so big you might as well try to tape your phone to your ear. And behind your ear at that! It is so big it feels (too me) as if someone is tugging on your ear! It is not uncomfortable but actually painful!Sound quality? Maybe I have a bad one? Static filled, not loud enough and not clear. Sometimes when the phone is in my pocket it does not work clearly. That is only 3 feet away!Now the real downside....I do not have a good recommendation for you but, I just ordered 5 different brands/types that I have not tried before.Someone has to make a good bluetooth headset. I will endeavor to find one.
I order two of the Plantronics Voyager Pro, one for me and one for my Father. The shipping on the item was great, I order on a thursday and received my plantronics on saturday...great shipping. GREAT PRICE, I have been wearing the plantronics for 2 days and I like it, it is not heavy, some people say it is cheap but as a lady I like that it is not heavy and it is flexible. It connected to my Blackberry Torch with no problem, the sound it great.My father loves his new plantronics, it fits great, the price was great and the sound is good, and no problem with connecting with his phone.I only have one problem with the plantronics bluetooth, it does not fit my ear real good, I wear eyeglasses so it is not a good fit. I am going to try and deal with the fit because I like the bluetooth, but before my return date expires if I can not deal with the fit I will have to return it, which I would hate to.
the battery charge just doesn't last long enough.  On the other hand, you can charge this on the go or anywhere you can charge a cell phone with a mini adapter.  it's a good product and the rechargeable battery holds a charge when the unit is turned off for a LONG time.
Incoming calls are clear and callers can hear you clearly. It's so comfortable you forget your wearing it and it easilly pairs with both my phone and computer at the same time.
Probably the best bluetooth headset I have ever tried, the dual mics on the Plantronics Voyager PRO Bluetooth Headset have such a great sound that it's hard to tell that you're on a bluetooth.The cons were that it doesn't fit me very well, I had to keep adjusting it and every time I did, I would hang up on a call.That said I found myself disconnecting calls, readjusting too often.It's just not for me.
For the high price of 200.Both BrokeOne usb charge plate broke off.... won't chargethe other just fell apart the rubber its made out of won't last wires exposed brokenI bought a wired head set for 2 dollarsGiving 2 stars because plantronics replaced both headsets.
I've been through numerous headsets from a variety of manufacturers and have found Plantronics to always be at or near the top of the bunch since I first used their Discovery headset.I've also had a few cheap Motorola headsets that sounded like a tornado when trying to talk over even the slight breeze from my car's air conditioner, so the Voyager Pro's "WindSmart" claim is something close to my heart.Not content to use it to talk over something as wimpy as an air conditioner, however, I decided to put the Voyager Pro to the test by fulfilling a tech fantasy of mine: holding a conversation while bombing down neighborhood hills on my bike!The result was a pleasant affirmation of the manufacturer's claims. While riding I could hold a conversation with the caller on the other end (despite riding in a strong wind)!Reportedly, the sound quality was "okay" in the midst of airflow, and there was never a problem understanding each other. My old headsets would have crapped out at the slightest puff of air!I wouldn't actually recommend using the Voyager Pro while biking since the headset could bounce off your ear with a big enough bump, and I doubt the unit is designed to withstand a lot of sweat or rain, but the fact that I could use it under such conditions is enough to make me a fan of the product.The normal audio quality is great, as usual for Plantronics, and the "WindSmart" technology works well.You won't be disappointed with this purchase.
This is a very good BT headset. One of the features I required was mute, so this was one of the few choices I had. I have also owned a Plantronics Voyager 520 and a Motorola H620. The Voyager Pro fits me much better than the H620. It is a bit larger, but having the weight on top and behind the ear makes it very unobtrusive and keeps it on my head. Controls are fairly easy and intuitive. Paired easily with both my phone and laptop. Sound quality is good, for both sender and receiver, as long as I keep it in my ear snugly. It is a flat ear tip though that rests on the ear eather than channeling into the ear like the 520. It does, however, come with 3 different tips which lock securely onto the headset. Battery life has been very good. Distance is excellent.
This one of the GREATEST PRODUCTS from Plantronics!! I have tried others that have failed signifantly in the past. The Voyager Pro out performs any other Bluetooth!
Voyager Pro BT HeadsetSummary:Best headset yet! A little homely out of the box, but looks and works great once on your ear.Pluses:Good noise suppression - at least as good as my old JawboneComfortable on ear - lighter and fits better than it looksSounds great - very clear, better than many wired setsBattery life and charger connector (micro-USB)Easy right/left ear change w/o removing partsFolds more or less flat - Jawbone is more lumpyMinuses:The over ear portion competes with glasses a bitDetails:I am a very heavy cell phone user who spends a tremendous amount of time on the road both locally and internationally. Over the last month, I've used the PVP in a half dozen cheap cars (you know, the bottom end of the rental fleet), airports, outdoors, offices, etc. I'm just coming back from my second international trip with it and have to say that I don't want to use my most recent BT headset anymore. The PVP is now "it" for me.My former BT headset is a souped up Aliph Jawbone (original flavor). I had a silicone rubber insert for it custom molded for my ear since the original equipment wire earpiece and rubber insert for the Jawbone just didn't work for me. This was fine until I received the PVP. The PVP1. Sounds better2. More comfortable when compared out of the box3. Eliminates the tendency of the Jawbone to occasionally go into "sounds from outer space" mode4. Easier to fit in a coat pocket once folded (the Jawbone doesn't fold)5. Has non-proprietary (micro USB) charger port instead of the hateful Jawbone charger attachment6. Is more sturdy - the hateful charger attachment of the Jawbone tended to rip off part of the Jawbone when detaching it.7. Has obvious and useful controls for power, volume and call controlThe only issues with the PVP are that it looks a bit retro out of the box versus the still stylish looking Jawbone. I also found that it takes a little bit of fussing to deal with thicker earpieces on glasses and the PVP at the same time. I don't have any issue with my Jawbone configuration in particular because of the in-ear custom silicone piece. The standard J was worse, actually, on my ear using its standard wire piece.Conclusion:If it fits your ear, buy this one.
I've used 4-5 headsets, including the Jawbone, but the Plantronics Pro blows them all away.The audio quality is great, and audio level (on both ends) is far louder than any other headset I've used.  It's similar to holding the phone itself.I was able to comfortably communicate when I was working in a computer room with a lot of fan noise.  It was easier to talk to someone on the phone than someone 4 feet away!  One person on the phone didn't even realize I left the data center. Noise suppression was that good.The headset is larger than most, but I actually like that.. harder to lose. My only complaint is about the USB charging port;  while it is a standard one, it's not as common as some other plugs.If something happens to my headset, I'll be getting another immediately.  I've never said that about any other BT headset.
Perfect for on the go and hands free communication. It filters out the wind and some background noises so your party on the receiving end can hear you as clear as you hear them.
Seller did an excellent job and sent the headset right away. I am very pleased with the seller and the service I received. However, this headset does nothing to impress me. The battery life on this blue tooth is way TOO short! I thought I was getting a better replacement for my old Motorola blue tooth that finally died after 6 years, NOT!! We've owned several blue-tooth and this one is a big let down. Not only can you NOT put it on your ear and enjoy an entire day out without the thing going dead, everyone I talked to said I sounded "muffled" at times. I drive an 18wheeler and this headset captures too much background noise. I only give this an average score. I let my teenage daughter have this one and I am looking for a better one.
This is by far the best headset I have used. Folks can't tell that you're on a headset, and that is what you want.  Very clear, verbal directions spoken are very nice.  The earpiece can be rotated so that you can put it on whichever ear that you wish, and that is convenient at time. Can't say enough good things about this piece.
The ear loop part is wearing apart and soon it will break into two pieces. The product itself is not bad, but the size of the headset is somewhat large and this model does not have the accidental call lock button. I found myself pocket dialing when the bluetooth headset is in my pocket. Another issue i came across is the random disconnect on bluetooth connection. Sometimes i would loose the signal on my headset but my phone thinks that i am still connected to the device.Overall, this is not too bad for $65. The quality is clear and loud enough to talk and listen to music while driving.
The sound quality is the best I have ever experienced.  I switched to this headset because of what I heard regarding comfort of wear.  Most bluetooth headsets irritate my ear to no end.  I love the convenience of not having to hold the phone in my hand, but the pain is often unbearable.  This headset may be a bit obtrusive to some, but if its comfortable, that's what is most important to me.  As luck would have it, it is confortable, it does sound great and it was very affortable.  Platronics makes good products, but most are not as confortable as this set.
This is an awesome headset.  The sound is perfect both for me and for whom I am speaking with.  Easy to use, easy to set up, a truly wonderful product.So, why am I giving it 4 stars instead of 5?  I'm rating this 4 stars because when the headset is in my ear, the microphone touches my face!  I have moved it around, tried to position it differently and everything I've tried has failed.  Eventually, while I'm wearing it, the microphone will end up leaning against my cheek.  I'm bummed because this is the best headset I've ever used, but I can't stand it touching my face.I also have thePlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headsetwhich I LOVE.  I've had it for a couple years and it's my favorite out of the handful of headsets I have.  After much wear and tear from me, it's still going strong.  It also has great sound and it's very comfortable to wear.  AND it doesn't touch my face when I'm wearing it.I'm going back to the 510 as my primary headset and I'll use this one as my backup headset...
This is my 6th different Bluetooth headpiece that I have owned and it is the first that everyone didn't say it sounded like I was talking into a tin can with strings!  It took only seconds to set up.  I wear it all day long.  It is so comfortable that sometimes I forget I have it on!  This model uses the best of both worlds in its design.  In the past, I always thought the "over the ear" designs were most comfortable but I often couldn't hear well while driving over the road noise.  Wearing the "in the ear" design, I could hear well but couldn't stand to wear it for extended periods of time.  This design puts the speaker in my ear so that I can hear excellent but the thing isn't jammed in my ear.  The battery sits over the ear and is balanced perfectly.  I am not technical enough to talk about dual mics and special electronics and software.  What I can tell you is that my customers can hear me well and I can hear them well.  Isn't that the ultimate goal???  This is the Bluetooth headset that you need to buy!
This is my first Bluetooth device, and as such, I am at a disadvantage to be able to compare or relate to a previous wireless experience. But I believe there is no need, following my faith in a long history of using other Plantronics equipment, I have always considered this brand to be the standard by which others shall be measured anyway.This unit does not disappoint, It is attractively designed and solidly built. Some may find it too much of a fashion statement, but I think it looks really cool.As a first time user I found the controls simple and easy to learn- my hands are still learning to find them without distracting my brain while driving, not an easy task.I do not use the phone when driving very often, but due to the CA law about driving without a hands-free devices, it was inevitable that I would take a call the old way just as a police car happened by. No notice, no ticket, but I decided to start using one of these anyway. I purchased a corded $1.99 Ebay unit, it is a horror but usually gets the job done. I was sure that between wrestling with the cord and trying to get the mike in the right place it was more of a hazard than just holding my phone.  I would expect anything would be an improvement after that, and the Plantronics seems to simply do everything perfectly.I found it a bit hard to get into place initially- especially while driving- but once it is secure, it feels natural and I scarcely notice it's there. Sunglasses with bulky temples are a bit of a problem too, but once you settle it a little it's not that bad. I do not suggest trying to put it on while driving in this fashion, with time may come more familiarity but it is almost the same as putting on a high-end hearing aid.Audio quality is loud and clear, even around town with the windows open. The quality of the mike was apparently different enough from both the phone's and my old wired set that I had to re-record my voice tags, but that was the only inconvenience. I made a few calls and a couple of people said they would not have guessed I was on cell- probably because they were.I also phoned various answering machines and voice mail so I could listen for myself, in most cases the quality was nearly indistinguishable from a landline call. This is primarily how I use my phone while en route in any case, I find a conversation- even with a hands-free device- should deserve a motorist's full attention.I tried it out on the Bay Area's 511 traffic call system, and I have never has such success with a voice-recognition system in a noisy moving vehicle, radio on and windows open.In one noisy stretch of road I had to cup my hand over the mike but that was it.I look forward to a long and satisfactory relationship with this device.LATER: Alas, this was not to be. When my wife's original Motorola earpiece died, my Plantronics mysteriously disappeared. I can't believe she'd taken it, but I did notice an almost immediate improvement in voice quality.About two years later, after daily use, it finally failed- broke at the little swivel beneath the earpiece. It is, in my mind, a testament to a great product that she immediately went out and bought the exact same model. And it's still going strong.I am anticipating the arrival of Plantronics latest and greatest, we will soon see how they stack up.
I had high hopes for this device, but ultimately I am buying a new device b/c this one is inadequate. I'll just list the pros/cons from my experience of using this device on a daily basis for almost 4 months. I use this device with the Droid Razr Maxx.Pro:* Good wind noise reduction when outside* Pairs very easily with the devices I've tried.* Reasonable battery life - I can talk for 4 or 5 hours in a day with no problems.Cons:* Bad sound quality: I get reports from listeners of echos, clipped speech and low sound volume regularly. I know it's not the cell service b/c when I switch to the device directly listeners say "Ah, that's much better now."* Bulky: it's fairly big as a device around the ear, so wearing sunglasses and this device isn't great.* Annoying: After fully charging overnight, the device will report "battery medium" after about an hour of use. To make it worse, it actually says "Battery medium" in a British female voice during a call, causing me to miss words of the other party. *This cannot be disabled.*UPDATE: I purchased the expensive Bose deviceBose Bluetooth headset Series 2 - Left earto replace this one, and while it has a worse battery life, it charges quickly and the sound quality is tremendously better. I use the bose device all the time and have finally found a bluetooth headset I can rely on.
I bought this headset to replace my old Plantronics Voyager.  It's a huge improvement.  I hear callers very clearly.  Those I'm calling hear me very clearly.  The dual mics definitely decrease the amount of background noise.  I have a friend who is partially hearing impaired and he can hear me the best when I'm using the headset - even better than through the mic on my phone.  I can mumble softly and people hear me.  I get no complaints about wind noise walking to my car.  The battery is lasting me about 5-7 days between charges.  As far as comfort is concerned, I have large ears so the way it came out of the box works fine for me.  The range is substantial as well.  I can walk a good 10-20 feet from my phone and there aren't any problems.  Some of the additional features, like the double click to re-dial, are nice.  I like the voice prompts as well.  I think its comfortable, clear, loud and all-around a great headset.  I'm very happy with it.  [I'm using this with the HTC G1 phone from T-Mobile].
There are two types of Bluetooth devices these days; the ones that aspire to be worn like a piece of chic jewelry (e.g. the Jawbone), and the ones for "serious" business users where people can tell from afar that you're on the phone with an important client.  The Plantronics PRO falls into the latter category; and you can easily tell it means business from the metallic gray, black and stainless colors of the headset.EXTERIOR DESIGN:  It's a functional and sophisticated looking piece of equipment, with the speaker piece adorned with small holes, not unlike the barrel of a machine gun.  The set feels well-built, and the underside is equipped with a micro-USB connector, which is handy.  Recharging only takes about 1.5-2 hours for a full charge, and the buttons along the exterior are placed for easy reach.  They have a nice tactile feel, and respond well.  Their method for changing the ear pieces (which come in three sizes, small, medium, and large) is brilliantly simple- if only other BT manufacturers adopted the same scheme.  It's just a simple twist/lock mechanism, and earpiece adjusting is very easy.COMFORT:  This is where the Plantronics set gets a docked star.  It's very uncomfortable for eyeglasses wearers, and you'd think that they would at least consider the population of business users who wear glasses; cmon, not everyone has 20/20 vision or wears contacts.  There is an easy fix for the set that Plantronics should've adopted, especially for a headset of this price- allow the earpiece to telescope.  That alone would have helped fit the set to a variety of misshapen ears (like mine).  There is rotation, but just not telescoping.OPERATION: The set syncs easily with any BT equipped phone, and operation and range were flawless.  I appreciate the thoughtful feature where a computer voice warns you of a low battery; it's much easier to check the battery status with the warning voice than take off the set and check the flashing status lights.The most touted feature of the set is the wind resistance, and I must say that it works well in most conditions.  There is virtually no wind noise when the wind is blowing parallel to the microphone (for instance, in a car).  However, there is perceptible wind noise when the wind is perpendicular to the microphone, and blowing directly into it.  Fortunately, there is an easy fix for that- just rotate yourself such that you are parallel to the wind direction.CONCLUSION: All in all, a very good set.  If you don't wear glasses, then I give it 5 stars, and you should buy the PRO immediately.  If you do wear glasses and headset comfort is an issue, then you might want to consider other sets.  If you do wear glasses and you often talk at the top of buildings or in front of a giant fan, then you should buy the PRO immediately.
This was probably the most comfortable bluetooth headset I have ever tried. It fit snuggly in my ear and was not in danger of falling off. I have had bad luck with headsets in the past where the person could not hear me very well or I had trouble hearing the person.This was pretty simple to use and most of the calls I had no problems with. The only thing is that I got occasional sound issues where it was staticy or it would break up randomly. And this is when I am sitting in the same spot.The buttons were a little bit hard to hit at first but after using it for a bit, they are in an easy spot to press.One more thing, I had trouble pairing it with my Palm Centro at first. But then I updated my firmware and it worked beautifully. So for anyone who are having trouble pairing, try to update the phone first.
Simply said, I love plantronics. Have used them in the office and at home. However, I'm getting tired of this series and their stablity with those of us that wear glasses. Felt ok first month or so. However now, even when trying different earpads, it just won't stay stable if using all day during work. I'm disappointed by the lack of stablity in my ear, as i'm constantly trying to push back in the ear so it doesn't feel like it is about to flop out.Good performance, mediocre stablity. I'm getting one that allows a "headband" next time, as I just don't like these "secure behind the ear" only types.(have had for around 2-3 months now)
high quality and having dealt with their customer service dept in the past I can tell you that they are a reputable and customer service driven company.  just buy this one and stop buying cheap garbage you throw away every 6-12 months.  This one will last you at least 18 months.
This might be the best headset I've ever owned,lives up to all the reviews and hype. My only concer is the boom mike,wish it was made out of metal or some tougher material.Would recomend buying the carrying case for protection.
I've had a number of bluetooth headsets over the past several years, and this one is my favorite, by far.Soft gel inserts prevent chafing on the inside of your ear, and the hook design places the majority of the headset's surprisingly light weight on the outside of your ear--a good thing, as both my wife and I have noticed the inside-ear-mounted BT headsets seem to cause us discomfort over extended use.Incoming audio quality is impeccable.  Outgoing audio quality is as good as it gets; small air turbulence (such as the air conditioning in a car) have little/no effect on conversations.  Background noise is greatly reduced.Best yet, the strength of the signal appears to be much stronger than most headsets; I can place my BlackBerry on another side of my body, or even the car, without hearing "clipping" noises or having choppy audio.As another reviewer mentioned, if you have facial hair, the windscreen on the mic can catch an errant follicle.  Beyond that, that's really my only gripe with the headset.After a solid four weeks of use I highly recommend this headset--especially if you tend to experience pain or discomfort using inside-ear-mounted headsets.
Owned this unit for 4 months now.  Have been very happy with it.Pros:- The mic on this is very sensitive and picks up my soft voice with no problem.  I've had to use a wired headset for years because I have not found a bluetooth unit (until this one) that can pick up my voice from where they sat near my ear.- Very good noise cancelling technology.  Listeners can't tell that I'm driving in my noisy truck!  Everyone thinks I'm on a landline.- Long battery life.  I leave this thing in my truck for use while driving.  So far, I've yet to run out of juice and I only charge it about once a month! (It's probably because I turn it off when I'm not using it.) My wife has to charge her unit about once every 2 days.Cons:- The body of this unit is pretty big and doesn't leave much room on your ear for sun or reading glasses.  Luckily, I don't need glasses to drive. If it wasn't for the size, I'd have given this 5 stars.
I bought this for two reasons: the comfort and the clarity. Probably the the most comfortable headset I've owned and stable too. The clarity is very good for the most part, but the advertised wind cancellation feature is not exactly as good as they promote. It does a better job than others, but is still an issue with windows rolled down. Overall, an great product which I would buy again. No problems so far with holding a charge as another buyer had reported.
THere are 400+ reviews out there so let me net it out.I tested this headset 18 inches away from an idustrial floor fan (at low speed).  No one I called heard the wind or the noise.It is not perfect.  My voice has a slight tinny sound.It looks big, but is so light on my ear and the bud rests slightly outside my ear canal, so there is no irritation.I also use the Plantronics 520, which is excellent as well, but slightly noisier in my fan test.I read about the flimsy reviews about the PRO, but found it to be something I can throw in my briefcase and use on trips with no problem.
I own Construction Buisness and a Heating and Air Conditioning BUis.  I conduct 90% of my business through this model headset  I've owned Parrot and Motorolas but this one is by far the best.  Clear reception and clients do not know I'm on a head set.  Good battery life, comfortable ear piece but be careful, it is a bit fragile.  My first one broke right at the bridge section of the headset where it rests on the ear. HOWEVER ,even though the bridge section is broke THE HEADSET STILL WORKS FINE!  I use it as my back up.If you need a headset that is dependable, gives crystal clear reception, AND blocks background noises while it broadcasts your voice clearly and sharply look no futher...BUY the VOYAGER PRO.  I own 2 and will buy more for my employees and Family
I love this bluetooth, it fits perfect and it sounds great, I also love how it streams music which is a extra bonus for me.  I w0uld recommend this to everyone interesting is a good quality bluetooth.
After a couple of months with this headset I have to give it a bad review. It does not perform well with my iPhone and often callers say my speech sounds all warbled and scratchy. Further, it's uncomfortable to wear and feels heavy behind my ear. I also cannot wear my sunglasses with it.I get much better mic quality either holding my iPhone up to my ear without a headset, or using the wired one that came with it.I regret my purchase of this Plantronics.
All I can say is this is hands down the BEST Bluetooth Headset out there... I use it ALL the time... Nobody can tell its not the phone I am speaking into... excellent battery life and build quality... Buy it with confidence... this one is a no brainer... I am 100% Satisfied...
This thee best Bluetooth Headset!  Out of all the models I've ever owned this one is number one!It's easy to set up, however for some reason my cellphone did not recognize the initial pairing up the first time. However on the second attempt it did.I like to wear the  bluetooth on my Left side (personal preference) and out of the box it comes ready to wear on your Right ear.  To change it, (instructions are in the box, also on this) you slide the boom up and rotate it to the other side, then slide the boom back down.  Easy enough once you know what you're doing  :-)Then the ear piece itself must fit inside your ear or else you will not hear good.  There are various size pieces and directions are included on how to swap them.  I did not have to swap them, so I was lucky here.  But it looks easy, twist it then pull.The charge is good. Seems to hold for a good week.People say my voice is real clear on the bluetooth and I hear others talking clear.My favorite feature is what I call the "wind" feature.  The "wind" feature is unique here against other bluetooths were with other bluetooths and if you're in the wind people have a difficult time hearing you, yet you don't know it unless they say something.  However with this Voyager Bluetooth you can hear the wind as your party hears it so you can turn until you're away from the windy position.  It's very cool!Range is good, however that's not an issue for me as my cellphone is near or on me always.People seeing you wear it may think you just got off the Star Trek Deck *grin* due to the extending boom along side your cheek, it's well worth it!
When it comes to calls This unit is a boss! I get no mention of wind noise or any background noise from callers. I can hear callers well and I have volume to spare. I have yet to hear any distortion witch is great but it may also be due to the narrow feq range this headset seems to use. Lows and highs fall off quickly witch isn't much of an issue when talking to people.Really, all this headset was made for was calls. It does a great job of it to. That said, music will sound boxy and is lac luster over all. I do use it to listen to music as I do my work waiting for the next call. While it does perform the task, it does it about as well as a transistor radio.The headset is comfortable. Surprisingly, the main body that houses all the heavy gear (battery and electronics) is almost unnoticeable. The different ear buds give you a lot of fitment range, but if none of them fit right, you can add one of the pillow covers to fine tune the fit.The one ding I will give it in the comfort dept is the mic angles in and rubs my cheek. I do not have chubby cheeks either. This is at least in part due to the swivel stop. It just will not swivel far enough away
This has the best sound and useability but it has had to be replaced several times under warranty. My guess if one is an occasional user it is a 5 star but if one is a heavy user i.e. daily user - that is why there are so many one stars. If they would fix its failures it would be a clear winner.
These actually do work for the iPhone's capacitative screen, which is not pressure-based.  Not just any plastic or rubber will work on those, unlike the resistive touch screens which work by physical pressure.  Some cheap pens which are labeled as being iPhone compatible actually are not, but this one is.However, the rubber used for the tip of this stylus (possibly out of necessity due to the touch sensor type) is very sticky and not good for swiping or drawing.Also, the rubber tip is actually a bubble and not solid, which makes it squish down very easily.  If you hold it at 45 degrees like a pen and push down with more than a light tap, the bubble can squish flat and the edge of the metal tube can hit the display.
These styluses are cheap enough so worth a try I received 2 and one worked better than the other on my iPhone 4 and iPad 2 though both look the same. It's a hit and miss really. If you're just tapping a smartphone you will probably be happier than if you bought it for your iPad.Smartphones have smaller screens so this stylus despite its non-responsiveness to some taps, does a better job than your finger for selecting web links or playing some games. It's not too great for writing or sketching but still more precise than a finger on a smartphone screen. For an iPad you have more surface area and your finger works pretty well, so you will be more frustrated when repeated taps on the glass bring no response.Once again, it's a hit and miss with the quality so you may get a decent one or a bad one which is not too great. Not bad if you want to keep them in a couple different places like your car, office etc. They can come in useful in the winter when you don't want to take off your gloves.
Works great for tapping the keyboard keys accurately. I have long nails which makes it hard to text. Not for people that want to sketch. Rubber tip sticks to screen when trying to flip through pages or drag so I just use my finger for that.All in all I Love this stylus and will order a couple more.The vendor was very fast (one business day) to CA and I will order from them again.
Shipping was super fast. These are nice and cheap but only one problem with it. The tip of the ones I got were a glossy rubber which I'm not sure if this is just my phone or if it effects all glass phones but the glossy rubber is kind of hard to use on the screen since it grips the screen like dragging well....rubber on glass. lol but not a big deal since they were cheap. Very fast shipping.
These are really cheap and  pretty dependable options if you want to be able to use your iphones/devices with capacitative touchscreens even when wearing gloves. Also, a lot of people have mentioned that there might be a chance of scratching the screen since a bit of pressure is required. From my experience, you do NOT need to apply that much pressure that the metal parts touch the screen to make it work, even for sweep motions. That being said, obviously you shouldn't expect to play games with this.A small trivia: you can even use these on your laptop touchpads!!!
These devices are convenient but in just a few months of very infrequent use mine started to work only part of the time.  The wires next to the connectors becomes fatigued over time and they break internally.  If you want to find just the perfect position to hold the cable it will eventually work, but who wants to hold the cable and watch their phone charge?
Great for travel. I have several ZipLinq products and with the exception of one time (retractable ethernet) they've never disappointed.
I've had a couple of these for months now, and they have been very convenient for charging or tethering various Android phones to my laptop.
Nice small compact USB cable.  I use it for downloading my Canon D7 DSLR and it is perfect.  Sturdy and the real has not failed.
Be warned this microUSB cable cannot be used to sync WM6.5 smart phones to PC. My HTC pure won't work with this cable, but it works fine with the original cable comes with the phone device. Apparently not all microUSB cables are the same.
I use this to plug in my HTC EVO 4G phone in my car. It retracts so it is both protected and out of my way when not in use which is the reason I got it. It replaced one by the same maker that was mini USB for my former phone so I think I knew what I was getting! I have no complaints!
I have 3 of these, two in my car and one at home. I use them every day and they are great for charging your device and keeping things tidy. I only wish the cable was longer but then it would be awkward to wind up in a small package.
I was told by the department store, AT&T, that they no longer carry this battery.  That left me with two options-buy a new phone or find a place that has this battery.  Thank you amazon.com once again for saving me $100's.  The battery is working fine.  The last one worked for about 2 years.  Hopefully this one will last as long.
Bought two. One came in a package so it at least appeared it was brand new. The other was in lose packaging, so I wasn't so sure.My daughter's phone's battery wouldn't hold a charge for 1-minute, and it solved that. Seems to be a new battery.Replaced my wife's battery and hers lasts a few days now (less than a day with the original battery.
Purchased this battery to extend the life of a phone. Fit perfectly. Extended the life for a few more hours than the original battery.
This battery was a repeat of the battery that was already in the phone so it worked just about how I thought it would.  However it arrived in a timely manner and there were no surprises.  Of this, I am most grateful.  Thank you.
I purchased this simple batery for a cell phone one would think that would be a no brainier. wrong This seller does not respond to email and I a having to go threw Amazon jut to get my money back If you are smart you will not buy from this seller
I don't think this is a new battery but it did its job in helping me get my contacts out of an old phone came with someone of a charge I was also able to get all my pictures so for the price and quality it did its job
i bought this batterie for my lg vu and i love it it is great as an extra battery, just charge the battery and thats it it lasts for at least 2 to 4 days.
good quality, i am glad purchase this product it good as it comeit is rock !!!!
IT WORKED AWESOME I LIKED HAVING EXTRA BATTERIES CHARGED READY TO GO WHEN ONE RAN OUT I JUST SWAP IT OUT
My G1 had started to suffer from terrible battery performance.  I wasn't even getting half a day with average use and it was taking around 8 or 9 hours to get a full charge, which wasn't right.  I noticed that my batter was bulging and not flat, so when I would lay it on a flat surface, it would rock a little bit.  So I decided to get a new battery and found this one at a decent price.I gotta say, it works great.  Battery life is back to what it was when my phone was new.  I can get two days out of it with light use...and about a day and a half with normal use and about  a full day with heavy use.  And when I charge it, it charges MUCH quicker than before.Good enough for me.  You have to get at least a full day out of your battery with heavy use for a phone to be functional.  Charging it overnight isn't a big deal and I'm good to go for the entire next day without worrying about draining my battery to zero.I recommend this battery for all G1 users experiencing degraded battery performance.
As advertised, an actual HTC battery.  Seems to work great, and at a very good price.  You'll really need this extra battery with a G1 phone, for sure.
As other have stated the battery doesn't appear to be brand new, since it comes in a little plastic bag.That's the main reason I waited a couple of months to post a review. I wanted to tested first.The battery is performing as it was brand new and that's what it matters to me.I am able to go the entire day without charging the phone, I used to walk around looking for outlets.It even lasts a couple of days if I just use the phone to make calls and send text messages.I cannot tell the difference between a $40 battery from T-Mobile store and this one, which costs a lot less.
I ordered a backup battery for my HTC/T-Mobile G1 from CCMACCESSORIES and the battery is identical to the original that came with my phone. Battery works as expected and CCMACCESSORIES had fast shipping.
I am the owner of an original Jawbone bluetooth headset and was not very impressed with the product, especially after reading the "hyped up" product endorsement on it's website (it was false advertisement at best and down right deceptive trade practices at worst). But since my first bluetooth headset was a gift, I didn't really loose any money out of my pocket, so the sting of the false advertisement wasn't a big factor in me giving Jawbone another try.I must say that the Jawbone Prime is stylish, functional and has quality performance too. The sleek design makes it easy to "wear" the headset for hours without notice (you'll forget it's in your ear). I use the over the ear loop so the fit is perfect for me, but there are multiple ear bud sizes for those that want to forgo the over the ear loop attachment. The battery life is quite long and the reception is very good. People I spoke with had no problem hearing me even with my sunroof all the way open. I highly recommend this  product and in my eyes Jawbone has redeemed itself by finally producing a bluetooth headset that matches their advertisement claims.
Here's how the last three bluetooth headsets went for me:1) Jawbone I - Really hate how it needed two hands to hook it on my ear and how it flopped around and was hard to get it to touch my face properly.  Buttons were extremely hard to press, especially when it was on your ear where it could be painful.  Made the mistake of putting it in my coat pocket where the ear loop broke off and in the process messing up the earpiece such that it wouldn't hold the replacement earloop.2) Plantronics 925 - I love this headset.  Really small/light with great selection of soft ear inserts for that perfect fit.  Easy to put in ear one handed.  Came with a custom hardcase so that no need to worry about breaking it in a pocket; bonus was being able to recharge the earpiece using the case's built-in battery.  Biggest drawback was noise cancelling performance.  I bought the Jawbone prime not because I didn't like the 925, but, because the Jawbone was 50% off when I bought it along with my new iPhone and two-year contract with AT&T.;3) Jawbone Prime --I had to use an earloop; but, it's now easy for me to put the earpiece on my ear one handed.  Wish the various hard rubber ear inserts would have allowed me to use this earpiece without the earloop (since the earloop is vulnerable to breakin.)  Still not as secure as the Plantronics 925 in my ear, but, it's acceptable.Buttons much easier to push.Noise canceling microphone is excellent; no complaints.  This remains the biggest selling point for the Jawbone.Wish the speaker volume would go louder (similar complaint with the Plantronics 925).Biggest complaint remains the vulnerability of the earloop when the earpiece is not in use.So, I'm currently using the Jawbone in the car and bring the Plantronics 925 with me when I'm on the go (which usually means I'm not worried about road noise).If I had to chose between the two, I'd go with the Jawbone Prime; just avoid putting it in your pocket if you need to use an earloop.
Pros:  Small size; sound quality; price; voice dialing works great; light weightCons:  Won't stay charged for very long; Even with the selection of ear pieces, I have a hard time getting it to stay in my ear without the ear loop but I have trouble with all types of earbuds so it's probably just me.
I just purchased the Jawbone Prime with NoiseAssassin. It works great, in fact, it fit in my ear perfectly right out of the box! The volume range is great. After trying out the Plantronics Discovery 925 (which is very comparable to the JB Prime) I would definitely recommend the JB Prime. The Plantonics 925 felt like I had a rock in my ear. None of the earbuds fit right. Very uncomfortable! I returned the 925 and purchased the Prime and I'm glad I did.
Very hard to operate.Hard to get synced up with the phones. Instructions do not help either. Waste of money
[Edit: after writing this, I took out the Jawbone again, reset it, fully charged it and tried to see if I could get it to work as well as others are claiming. In a single day over the weekend, I left it on and was only able to make it last just over one total hour of talk time before the battery died in the middle of a call. The total talk time was measured across three separate calls. This was over about 6-hours of total total "use" in one day whilst out and about. Same issues still with this one and the others I had. I'll try calling/returning directly to Jawbone and see what happens since it's paid for. If I could change my 'star' rating from a 2 to a 1 star during and edit, I would. Who knows, maybe the green one will work better.]This is probably the best looking headset available, but that's really where the positive comments stop. Well, not exactly, it's also very light and charges very quickly to reach full charge (&lt; 1-hour).I have had three (3) Jawbone Primes and all behaved the same with one that simply stopped "working" after a few weeks. Why three? I bought one thinking it looked great and I loved what I had read (reviews as well as technicals on Jawbone's site). It simply was not living up to the sound quality nor battery life I expect for something in this category that I pay a premium price of $130 for. I returned it thinking something *had* to be wrong with it. The second was the same and just quit working after a few weeks. I thought, "OK, this definitely has problems so I'll try again and get what I thought I was paying for." No go. I returned it after a month.You might be reading this thinking it's my phone or environment. I would think this too, but I rotate between three distinct phones regularly (I go through phones more often than headsets). I used them on Nokia N97, G1 Android, and iPhone 3GS. Also, I linked to my computer for Internet calls. The environment varied from sitting at home and driving in a car to office and outside.First, the earbuds were too "mushy" and none fit right - the phone was always slipping so I bought a set of Plantronics earbuds. This fixed that issue.Second, The sound was not great. Many I spoke to complained about the sound. On my end, there was nothing special regarding call sound that I couldn't get in units half the price. The noise cancellation was no better than a Nokia BH-703 or Sony (forget the model right now) that I own. Since this is their claim to fame, I did test this thoroughly in various noisy environments, particularly with the Nokia BH, switching between the units. Wind, train, traffic, riding in a car, TV and others. It was not any better and in some cases worse. Yes, I was carful to make sure I had the Jawbone properly fitted with it touching my face appropriately.Third, the battery life on all three was simply poor. Unlike others, my experience was that it did not live up to the 4.5 hour talk time claim. I have meetings I take on the phone frequently that are one to two hours in length. Without exception, using a full charge to start, each unit would last about an hour. I had one go to 93-minutes, but only once. With light use and leaving on all the time, I had to charge daily. This was bad to the point I found myself wondering how much battery was left all the time. This is bad user experience. Speaking of charging, this is where it actually does great. Less than one hour charging on a completely dead battery and full charge is back. Unfortunately, that doesn't mean much.Fourth, the Noise Assassin button was problematic. All three had problems with it sticking and being pushed in so much that it lost it's raise so I had to push very hard to get it to work: not good when you don't use the strap (or even if you did for that matter). I also had a problem changing modes frequently when I was simply trying to cycle through the volumes.Fifth, no dedicated power button, but this I could have lived with, but the light that indicates state was under my thumb making it difficult to know if on or off. I inadvertently left the Jawbone on many times when I thought I held it long enough.Sixth, Jawbone documentation and web site state holding the power button for 3-4 seconds for power on/off as well as when putting in pairing mode. Try about 10-seconds and you'll be closer.Seventh, I had to hard reset all three of them more than once.Eighth, I just forgot what this was, but it's good. Oh, now I remember, it's a big pain to remember the various button presses, holds and combinations to get the various functionality (call answer/hangup, volume, noise assassin on/off, voice call, etc.)Ninth: I am contemplating if this is the worst aspect: the sound is terrible. A lot of static/noise that I notice and people on the other end have trouble hearing me. It's persistent regardless where I am (inside, outside, car, etc.). Sometimes it just disconnects from the phone (bluetooth just drops). I'm pretty sure my pocket or hand are not over 33' away from it. Neither issues are apparent with other, lesser expensive units.You're probably bored reading this by now. What fascinates me is the fact I went through three of these and used with many devices and always had consistently bad experience yet this does seem to get some good reviews and the unit is popular. I don't think I'd pay $60 for this, but I might because of looks and lightness. However, it is simply too much work, problematic and poor earbuds (costing you more money) for the premium price.
Sound quality is very good.  My only issue, and it could be an issue my personal one, is battery life is not the best, only an hour or so on a charge.  but it pairs easy and is comfortable
I live in NYC, and as everyone knows its noisy here.  This headset sounds better than the actual phone itself because it cancels background noise very very well.  The battery life seems pretty solid to me,  I talk often and haven't had it run out during any 24-hour period (it gets recharged nightly).  It connects quickly, and once you get used to the buttons using it becomes second nature.Bravo, and great price too!
I've tried all the newest Jawbone products starting with the ERA, which I tried 3 before giving up on that, I tried the Icon, also tried three of those and still didnt have the Noise Assassin as advertised in the commercials,then I tried the Prime and it totally lives up to Jawbones claim to fame of the Noise Assassin. I'm a truck driver, and I drive an older, not so quiet rig,so noise cancelling is what I'm looking for most when I shop for a headset along with a comfortable fit. The Jawbone Prime provides both, the noise assassin actually works, I've been able to talk on the phone, while driving down the road at 65mph with the radio on and the window rolled down, and the person on the other end only hears me and nothing else. The Prime also has plenty of volume too, I've had to turn it down cause its too loud, which is usually just the opposite for me on most bluetooth devices. I have worn this thing for as long as ten to fourteen hours a day, and most of the time I forget its even there, and with the earloop its an extra sense of security as not to lose it. The Jawbone Prime doesnt have all the fancy bells and whistles that the ERA and Icon have, but it lives up to its noise assassin that Jawbone has prided itself on since its debut.
My original Jawbone was a wonderful headset.  Clear, understandable and others could hear me clearly.  When I lost that unit, I went back to Jawbone.The only model available was the Prime.  Its performance just doesn't measure up to expectations from the Original.  The Prime is fine for me to hear, but the microphone is terrible.  The first unit went back under warranty because the static from the mike was so bad.  My wife used it to demonstrate to me on another phone how bad.The replacement unit (I had to pay to return the first unit) had a slightly different but similar issue.  Still no one could hear me talking and what they did hear sounded like an echo.  The Jawbone service techs were polite but said all they could do with the second issue was to refer the question to 'the front office,' who have not responded in over a month.Folks in the phone stores recommended other manufacturers for BT headsets.  I should have listened.
This headset works ok.And for the price I think its a good value for me.It does not drop out and it works just fine.
Good news: it looks cool and it is light-weight.Bad news: Poor fit, for my ears. The ear loop didn't improve the fit. The volume adjustment is not intuitive; I find myself reaching for the phone to turn the volume up or down.Conclusion: Jawbone being one of the more expensive bluetooth headsets in the market, it simply didn't live up to its price tag.
Good News: Audio is above-average and pairing is rock-solid.Bad News: Three (3) Design Flaws...Design Flaw 1: ButtonsThe combination power/activation button is a major design flaw.  My device turned itself on and off (or activated my phone) over and over.This is a problem for many reasons, not the least of which is battery life.As others have mentioned, pressing this button (even accidentally) can end calls.  Ont eh Jawbone ICON, the button was relocated to the back - a "stroke of genius" according to owners of both devices.The issue is that it doesn't take much pressure to activate the button.  Even if the Jawbone button is facing outward (that is, not touching your leg but rather touching your pants pocket), it is enough to click the button.Others have also complained about the separate volume button (it cycles; there is no up/down rocker).Design Flaw 2: EarloopsThe second major issue (for someone like me who requires a loop) is the connection from loop to phone.  I've gone through three (3) of the leather loops and one (1) of the plastic loop displayed on/with the device on the product page.  The connector just snaps after 2-3 weeks of use.  Customer support was initially rude and arrogant (requiring me to send back the broken loop), but after I provided a photo, they replaced one of the leather loops.Design Flaw 3: Removing ear rubber thingsAnd finally, the third issue is the ear rubber thing.  While you should never have to replace it, based on Design Flaw 2, I had to (a) remove it to get the serial number, and (b) change sizes to make the Jawbone fit while I awaited a replacement earloop.  This took 30 minutes and three people, before we thought we were going to rip the rubber piece in two.Aliph was in denial on these, but based on their actions (releasing the Jawbone ICON with an inner power switch), the combination button is clearly not optimal.
I've had a couple of Bluetooth headsets before - both Plantronics. And while they worked pretty reliably, they cannot stand up to this new Jawbone Prime. I recently ordered the Plantronics 925 (liked the styling and color). But after reading the various reviews and watching the videos on the Jawbone Prime, I decided to give this a try. I am glad I did.I just got this today and I love it! The fit is perfect because of the variety of earpieces you have to choose from. I found the exact fit using the smallest earpiece with the little stabilizer loop. I don't have to use the earloop (thank goodness) - that was one thing that prevented me from trying the older version of the Jawbone. The Jawbone is so light that you can't really feel that you have it on. The NoiseAssassin works wonderfully. I made several calls today (to friends and to my voice mail) and the NoiseAssassin cancels out pretty much all of the ambient noise. And the people at the other end said that I sounded very clear.Couple of little things that will take some getting used to: (1)utilizing the hidden button or dimple (on/off, pairing) on the side and the button on the top (last number redial, volume, NoiseAssassin cancellation, call reject). Since it's hidden for aesthetic reasons, it's a little hard to find at first. Once you get used to where it is, it's not a problem; (2)determining what mode the earpiece is in (on or off) since the little LED light is so small and kind of hidden when you press on the side button/dimple. This is minor and just something to learn.Even with these two minor issues, I still give the Jawbone Prime 5 stars for call quality (especially the NoiseAssassin), style/workmanship, and ease of use. I will be returning my Plantronics 925. I wrote a review on this earpiece and will have to modify it after this.
I thought I would love this piece but the wrap around ear adapter broke off immediately and the stay in the ear rubber plug never stayed in my ear more that 10 minutes before popping out and it I tried to adjust it during a call it would sense my hand touching it and thing I wanted to hang up on the call. I don't even know where that thing is anymore...
My husband drives a delivery truck, something that's not exactly cutting edge when it comes to noise control in the cabin area. With Oregon's new hands-free law coming into effect in January, we started searching for solutions in November.Our first try lead us to a wired earbud (he wanted to avoid the "middle-aged-guy-with-bluetooth" look if possible), none of these worked at all due to cabin noise. Next, we tried the PlantronicsPlantronics Discovery 975 Bluetooth Headset. Sound was clean and clear with this little sweetheart, he just didn't like the look and the buttons were difficult for his hands to operate, especially when wearing gloves.Next, we tried theBlueant 60-5151-05 Supertooth Portable SpeakerphoneWhich probably would be a great solution in a car or pickup truck, but did not work at all in the noisy cabin conditions of his truck, I believe mainly because the unit attaches to the visor, which is located much further away from the driver in a delivery vehicle than in a passenger vehicle. So, back it went, and next was the Jawbone Prime.I was hesitant to purchase this mainly for two reasons, one the design isn't very burly with its "pretty" wave pattern that sparkles when it catches the light, two I didn't know how well he'd be able to work the virtual buttons.Turns out the virtual buttons are perfect for his gloved hands, not requiring the precision demanded with the Plantronics and other headsets, the Jawbone is easy for him to use, pairs quickly and simply with his Motorola w385, and it's so comfortable he forgets he's wearing it.Sound quality is about the same as when he'd talk on his handset while driving down the road, there's still some road noise but his voice is easy to hear and he can comfortably hear the incoming caller's voice.He has many short phone calls during the day along with some longer conversations and he hasn't killed the battery during his 10-hour shifts.Overall, he is very happy with the Jawbone, now if they could just offer something that looks a little less "bling" for the old fellas!
There is no other blue-tooth that can compare to the Prime. I've tried just about everything on the market only to send it back and get a refund. The background noise cancellation on this thing is the top of the line. I only wish Jawbone hadn't made any changes.
I purchased this phone to replace my old phone.  The caller ID is nice to have and has an indicator to let you know whether you missed a call or not.  Initially, I purchased two.  One of them did not work properly so I contacted the seller.  The seller sent out the replacement on the same day!  Wonderful service for a useful phone.As in the other reviews, the phone cable is a little bit short; you can buy an extender and a phone extension cord if you want to put it far away.  Search &#34;GE TL26190 Telephone In-Line Coupler&#34;
I hope Amazon continues to have these because I put this on my desk next to my computer.  I don't like to depend on cell phones when I&#34;m at home as my reception there is not that good.  This phone is comfortable on the ear.  I love it.
Cheap! Cheap! This phone has the worst caller ID display I've ever seen. The handset doesn't feel right. The wall mount option is a joke. Just try to do the wall mount.
We had the phone for about 3 months before I threw it away. There was static on the phone from the day we got it.  people stopped calling out or answering the phone because we just couldn't hear.  not worth trying to return.
I was looking for some cheap phones to put in our bedrooms and living rooms.  We no longer use a landline much since our cell phones have so many minutes.  We now use the magic jack and only make occassional calls.  I was hoping this phone would be a good choice.Pros:  cheap, nice lookingCons:  poorly made, when pushing the phone buttons it doesn't have much sound feedback to tell you if you've pushed it, the LED on the front has no light so you cannot see the numbers you are calling or the people calling you, and unfortunately it takes batteries to use the caller ID (that may be standard and I didn't knock of points for that, but it sucks).Of the 4 phones I ordered, one was bad out of the box, but that could be a fluke.  To me, it's a pain making a call, since you really have to pay attention when pushing the buttons.  Most other phones give you a nice loud sound when pushing the number buttons.All in all, I'm sorry I went so cheap on this phone, and wish I'd spent just a few dollars more and gotten something better.
I don't have a lot to say about this basic phone with Caller ID.For the price (11.00 delivered) I don't know if you could do better.Sound & Build quality seem fine.Comments about phone's base being lifted up & falling when you answer call, is operator error.  The little plastic do-hickey that the handset spring loaded button rests on is reversible. If the hand-set is lifted with the base - slide the do-hicky off and reverse it or even try removing and the problem should be solved.
Good phone and works well. Can't rely on the cordless during a power outage so this give you what you need. Caller ID is nice to have.
Needed a wall phone - this was A GREAT VALUE for the price.  It serves its purpose - caller ID was a good feature
I had the worst experience with Elago.  They labeled the product wrong when i searched for it, which led me to receiving the wrong product. I wanted a stylus for a touchscreen phone and they sent me a stylus for a palm device. The plastic stylus was not recognized by my phone so i e-mailed Elago and they informed me that they sent out the wrong model...way to go, real professional Elago.  If that doesn't make matters worse, they didn't offer to send me a new one...they wanted me to ship the original first. I ended up returning the original because i wanted what i paid for...i returned it through UPS and didn't get a word from them after a few days. I e-mailed them again and it seems as if they completely forgot about my situation...so when they got the e-mail, they responded that they have sent it out to me. When i finally got the product i originally ordered...they sent me a stylus that does work but it has a fat rubber tip. The product i wanted had a ball point end. At this moment, I just gave up...screw this company, screw their products. I do not recommend...ever....ever. Please do yourself a favor and buy a product elsewhere on amazon.
Uh, the descripton needs to read that the Elago Retractable Stylus is for "some" Touchscreen Wireless Phones. It does not work on the Android Touchscreens. It does not have the appropriate tip for the Android Touchscreen. And, the seller wants you to walk over crushed glass in barefeet in order to return an item that does not do what they said it would do. So you end up paying for a thing and the shipping on the thing that does not work. Plus you have to make another purchase for a stylus that does work on The Android Touchscreen. Rrrggh.
The retractable part of this stylus works quite well. When you pull it out of the case the stylus is fully extended and locked in place. When you put it away it retracts into the case like magic. The whole thing holds together, doesn't feel loose or like the stylus could drop out.I use it only rarely when I need to use a scrollbar to mark files in a long list, so I can be more accurate than my finger allows. It's great for working with spreadsheets or anything else that's really too small for touchscreen navigation.It has another function that I find I use all the time, it makes a nice fob to pull my phone out of my pocket. It's also saved my phone from falling out of my hand a couple of times.Something I don't care for are the two silver bands around the middle and the top. The one in the middle feels slightly recessed but the one on top looks capable of scratching the phone's finish. In the month I've used it it hasn't marred the surface at all so maybe I shouldn't worry about it. If the whole thing were black however, it would look less like an eyebrow pencil.
I got this hoping that it might work with my Garmin GPS and my Android cell phones... It doesn't.For PDAs, I was able to use it on an OLD old old palm pilot. I have not attempted using htis on any other personal products. If you are sensitive to germs and whatnot, or hate using the stylus pens at checkout for whatever reason (mine being those damned knotted up leashed they stick 'em on. GRRR!), this is a simple replacement that fits right on your keyring without adding much mass and almost no excess weight.It is nice, there is a distinct pop/click/snap when both opening and closing, and when replacing the cap.
I bought this for my IPhone 4 and IPod touch 4th Generation. This DOES NOT work on Apple. Not worth the money at all. I feel like I got ripped off.
I have a Lenovo S10-3T which does not recognize the stylus on the multitouch screen. Also, there is no place for the cap to be placed on the stylus so it could be easily misplaced or lost. It might be better for the iTouch or iPhone.
I am lucky enough to be able to telecommute from home full time, and I spend fully 8 hours a day, every day, 5 days a week, on the phone. I put headsets through the wringer.  Over the past 5 years, I have tried many different headsets, both wired and Bluetooth. With some, the earbuds were too big, hurt my ears, and gave me a perpetual headache. Others didn't stay on, fell out, and were easily lost. Some just weren't hardy enough. My younger daughter, as a toddler, found them easy to pry apart and rip out the internal wiring. (I lost two Jabras that way...sigh.) And with wired headsets, the wires just plain get in the way, or they get tangled, or they (again) are very tempting for little fingers.Well, I am happy to say that after 18 months, I have just purchased my second JAWBONE BLUETOOTH HEADSET; this time, the JAWBONE PRIME.  (Yes, even the JAWBONE wears out with constant use.)  I am really thrilled with the JAWBONE PRIME; it is even better and more impressive than my first one, which was a JAWBONE II.  I, personally, love these JAWBONE headsets. They are compact, unobtrusive, easy to wear, easy to use, and fit me beautifully.  And, if possible, the JAWBONE PRIME fits even better than the JAWBONE II.The JAWBONE PRIME stays in my ear, no problem, and is so light weight that I barely notice that it is there. It comes with 6 different earbuds sizes in two different styles and two earloop styles. The smallest bud and the padded loop are perfect for me. I have tested the fit by jumping up and down, shaking my head around, chasing after my children at full speed, and doing cartwheels (yes, cartwheels).  I have taken my glasses on and off multiple times and even brushed my hair.  The headset stays in. I find it very easy to use the hidden buttons; after all, I watched Lt. Uhura do it for years on Star Trek. Hold the button for a few seconds to turn the unit on or off, tap it once to answer or hang up calls.  Easy as pie!The sound quality is great; I can hear everyone and everyone can hear me. And the improved fit really makes a huge difference in the sound quality.  With the JAWBONE II, there used to be a trick; you had to make sure that the voice activity sensor, which activates the NoiseAssassin, was touching your cheek near your jaw. It was easy for the older model to creep away from your face. Not anymore.  The new and improved JAWBONE PRIME hugs your face.  I don't even check for contact any more.  It is just there.  The JAWBONE PRIME really works reliably every time I put it on. I am heard clearly, with no ambient noise.  I have tested the NoiseAssassin in the car with road noise, with the radio on, with screaming children, with another phone ringing in the back ground.  No hears anything but me.My JAWBONE PRIME BLUETOOTH HEADSET is small, sleek, and silvery; it is practically hidden beneath my hair, but looks very professional when seen. Overall it fits my lifestyle perfectly, both professional and personal. It may not be the headset for everyone, but it sure is the right headset for me.
I like it overall but the sound is really low so its kinda hard to hear when i am on the phone.
I don't like this product at all only had for about 2 weeks and it's not working anymore so don't buy this product not good at all.
Cell phone problems?Complete your "suite" of abuse with the "highly" rated "Jawbone Prime Platinum" by Aliph. Not only is it expensive but even Spock could not get it to stay in his ear. And, dispite it's high price the audio qulity is not that good.With the previous model (which did not stay in you ear either) you could remove all the rubber earpices and jam it into your ear and enjoy resonable quality while driving your convertible with the top down.No more and no more. This baby is going back.This is my 5th headset in as many weeks. Before I go back to a can and a piece of string....anyone out there have anything they like?If it is not going to work very well at least have it be cheap.
I have loved Jawbone Prime since it came out. Even with the newer Jawbone's out there, none of them can compare to the original. None of them have the same background noise cancellation as this one. The leather ear loops are extremely comfortable. I really wish they hadn't changed it so many times.
Packaging was great. Bluetooth works so so. I can here  good however family and friends constantly tell me I fade in and out.  I still use since its all I have.  It arrived 2 days earlier than expected.  I'm in the market looking for a better blue tooth. I figure since it was a jawbone it would be great.  Volume goes up and down.  If u have small ears keep looking. No earpieces will fit comfortablyUpdate 2/3/12. after 60 days this blue no longer works i can't get my phone to read the blue tooth anymore. i have also changed to a motorola phone and it doensnt read it either. Really feel like i wasted my money and to much time has gone by to get my money back or a replacement. the hook that goes around the ear is not sturdy i should of just use my husband plantronics blue tooth
good cell phone
Like a Nseries real fan, my last purchase was the N96. I was willing the N97 to have a serious gadget, computer and entertainment all in one device. Now i am happy that i made a good decision. The only thing i am facing right now is that there are little apps designed to the 5th edition Symbian OS. I have to recommend the quickoffice great application which gave me the oportunity to transfer my adobe and quickoffice licenses to this edition. The other problem is the battery, i thought nokia was going to fix the duration but it's better to purchase more batteries or i recommend better the new and updated cradle from boxwave. Nokia N97 Desktop Cradle (With Spare Battery Charger) The qwerty keyboard is so great that when you combine the autocomplete option you obtain great productiviy. I'm so happy with the design, but i'm so concerned that the Symbian OS isn't so develop like others, but the multitasking feature is what ended taking my final decision. I chose the black version and now i'm so happy to obtain great features with ovi sync and professional email program of ProfiMail, Try it you're gonna love it!!
I've got aBlackBerry Bold, as well as an iPhone 3G. I'm not writing this review exclusively for comparing the N97 side-by-side, but given the price of this phone, the bar is set reasonably high. Obviously, nothing's really "as good as" a BlackBerry when it comes to e-mail (and you're using a BES), and nothing available right now is "as good as" an iPhone when it comes to web browsing or application availability. So for reference, those weren't taken in to consideration.The N97 arrives in a very nice package, with a pre-charged battery and thoughtfully written manual. The included software doesn't run on OS X, so I spent very limited time working with it.Within a couple of minutes of receiving the box, I threw my SIM card in and the phone was happily asking for some settings. What impressed me immediately, is that the N97 seemed to know exactly how to configure itself for data and MMS services. This is the first unbranded phone I've used that didn't need me to enter the settings for my carrier (AT&T;).The N97 almost instantly showed a strong 3.5G signal, and started filling the home screen with information. I placed a couple of test calls, and was extremely impressed with the sound quality. Without question, this is one of the best sounding wireless phones I've ever used.And then, the wheels started to come off...First task: sync my work mail, contacts, and calendars via ActiveSync.This started out reasonably easy, until I realized about halfway through the wizard that I had entered a setting incorrectly. Unfortunately, once you have something in the wizard, it's there. There's no "Back" button. So, the Mail For Exchange program started complaining immediately."No problem" I thought, I'll just change the settings. This turned out to be far more convoluted than it should be. "Options" doesn't give you a path to the settings. You have to go to hit the silver button, then go to Applications, then go to the "MfE" folder (which is incredibly cryptic, if you don't know what you're looking for) to change the settings.Once I had them changed, the N97 happy started grabbing everything I wanted from my Exchange server. I went back in to Options and saw some well thought out options, like setting "prime time" for a constant sync, and a schedule for when you don't need instant access. There were also options for setting Out of Office notifications, and the overall experience was quite good.Second task: set up my personal e-mail account.Having used the wizard already, this was straightforward. The program asked if I wanted to connect to get my mail, and I confirmed that I did. Mail showed up, and all was good. Until I tried to leave the program. That's when I learned that the N97 is apparently incapable of maintaining two mail connections.Annoyed, but willing to accept this limitation, I tried to put the account on my home screen, along with my Exchange account. Apparently, the N97 can't do this, either. You can have one mail box on the screen, regardless of the number of mail accounts you may be using.Third task: connect with my Bluetooth speakerphone.My car has a Bluetooth speakerphone. Since I can remember Bluetooth being a feature on wireless phones, Nokia seems to have dominated this space by including just about every Bluetooth profile under the sun. Pairing the N97 wasn't a problem. After it was set up, I made a couple of calls (which again, had awesome clarity) and thought everything was fine. Until...When I returned to my car later in the day, I noticed that calls weren't being directed to the speakerphone. As it turns out, the N97 won't re-pair with anything on its own. So while I could use the speakerphone with my Bold and iPhone without doing anything at all, the N97 requires you to hit the silver button, then go to Setup, then Connectivity, then Bluetooth, then Paired Devices, then pick the speakerphone, then hit "pair" every time.Speaking of which...Fourth Task: answer the stupid phone.I'm not 100% sure this is even possible with the N97. When the phone rings, you have a large bar with an arrow that points to nothing, and is labeled "Answer". If you tap it, nothing happens. If you hit the green button, nothing. If you unlock the phone and try either, nothing.Feeling like a complete moron, I had to look it up. It turns out, the bars are sliders, similar to the Unlock slider on an iPhone. Yet, this is really the ONLY thing in the OS that acts like an iPhone.Fifth Task: get Facebook working.This wasn't difficult at all. Enter your name and password, and go. The application looks similar to the BlackBerry version, which I happened to like more than the iPhone version.It does just about everything you'd expect it to, until it crashes. Yes, that's right. Until it crashes. Constantly. Sometimes it does a full "I'm kicking you back to the home screen" crash, and other times, you get a red box telling you that your phone needs to be restarted. Sometimes the red box goes away on its own. There's really no rhyme or reason to it.Sixth Task: read my e-mail.Well... on the first try, I had a message that said my phone was out of memory. You see, despite having 32GB of storage for music and movies, the amount of memory your phone can actually use for programs is quite limited. The out of memory message suggested closing other applications, which I did, and which resolved nothing. Rebooting the phone worked.That's when I discovered that the N97 is actually quite awful at rendering mail that isn't plain text.That's also where I started to give up on the N97. In between all of this, I also discovered that:*Your choices for incoming message alerts are either at the same volume as your ringer, or disabled.*Some things need to be double-tapped, others single-tapped, with little indication as to which is which.*The Ovi Store is basically a kludgy mess.*The keyboard will constantly register any key that you so much as brush your finger next to when typing.*There is virtually no connection between what the battery display chooses to tell you, and how much battery life you actually have.*The N97 is basically a hopeless mess of a phone.Admittedly, there are some bright spots:*The back camera takes surprisingly good pictures.*The included weather application is actually pretty cool, since it uses GPS and updates often.*The overall build quality of the phone is quite good.And sure, there are a boatload of hacks and tweaks you can make to the phone to get it to do things closer to what you want. But in my estimation, the amount of research and effort to do so is unreasonable, given this phone's cost.I've also heard that a new software update is imminent (as of this review, the most recent version available for this phone is 12.0.24), so that may solve some problems. But with the N900 not costing substantially more and a release date "any day now", the N97 is for Symbian fans only.
While we have previously reviewed this product for the Vine Program, we enjoy its features very much. The cell reception as a phone is excellent in our area. The bells and whistles are fun should you want to use them. There are plenty. 3G is great too.
[This is an updated review; some of the issues that existed when the N97 was first released have since been addressed.  Also, I have moved some of the more elaborate details of the original text into a new review ("A Guide") that I created for thewhite version.]Nokia E- and N-series phones have for some years now had, by far, more capabilities than anything else out there - but they have not always been the sexiest or had the widest mass appeal.  Plus, although Nokia sell more smartphones than anyone else worldwide, they have not targeted or marketed the US market very heavily (thanks in part to our combination of non-standard wireless technologies and frequencies, consumers' focus on style over substance, and Nokia's unwillingness to cater to the fairly heavy-handed branding and crippling of functionality demanded by US network providers).Much of that is changing with the N97.  As you can see it definitely has the visual appeal.  Also, its main enhancements over the most recent N-series phones (such as theN95,N96andN85) are user interface centric:>> 640x360 WVGA LCD>> Touch screen>> QWERTY keypad>> Faster CPU (ARM11 at 420 MHz vs. 332/369 MHz in the N95/N85, and two ARM9 cores at 265 MHz in the N96)>> Configurable widgets for the home screenThere are a couple of other improvements as well:>> 32GB of built-in storage, SDHC card slot for up to 32GB more (Nokia always advertise only the tested configuration, 16GB)>> Additional sensors: Magnometer (electronic compass), ProximitySo, yes, Nokia have finally bit the dust and moved onto the post-iPhone touch screen bandwagon.  But whereas Apple borrowed quite a few UI elements from theMotorola Ming, and other manufacturers in turn tried to copy the iPhone look and feel, Nokia has taken a decidely different approach: They have taken most of their new design elements from their ownInternet Tabletsline (e.g. exchangable home screen widgets, keypad layout, etc).  They have also done so while keeping the underlying OS from their previous smartphones, Symbian/S60.I don't care much for this direction.  To this day, I would take theE90any day over the N97, had it been released with support for North American 3G (UMTS) bands.  The E90 does not have a touch screen, but does have a numeric keypad on the outside in addition to the QWERTY inside the shell -- this allows you to "type" with one hand using the native T9 predictive input, and mostly keep your eyes elsewhere while dri... eh... walking.As it is, Nokia ended up with touch screen phones (starting with the 5800 XpressMusic) kicking and screaming - it kindof shows.  The user interaction paradigm is a little odd at times -- probably mostly due to the S60 legacy. [Lipstick/pig joke deliberately omitted here]. For instance:>> You need to double-tap on icons (once to select, once to open)>> They still retain "soft keys" on the side to access menus an the like (though now they are located on the display itself, and occupying quite a bit of space).  The home (previously "standby") screen has three soft keys; the left and middle are always "Options" and a a dial pad, while the right one is configurable ("Contacts") by default.There are some other usability issues with this phone as well:>> Copy & Paste functionality is a bit more cumbersome.  There are no keypad shortcuts; with the keypad open, cut/copy/paste are only available via the menus!  Moreover, not all text input screens have such a menu available - in which case you need to close they keypad in order to bring up a virtual numeric keypad with a context menu at the top of the screen.  Or, if you use an external Bluetooth keyboard, you can press Ctrl-X/C/V.>> The keypad layout is a little unusual at first.  The navigation keys are on the left (which some gamers like, but I don't).  The space bar is in an odd location on the right.  Mixed alpha/numeric input is cumbersome because the digits 0-9 are "shifted" via a key on the right side of the keyboard, while the standard shift key is on the left.  Plus, in some dialogs you get a helpful numeric keypad on your screen, but it defaults to text input (2=abc, 3=def, etc) rather than give you quicker access to digits! (Why, Nokia?  You already have the keyboard?  What are you thinking?).  That said, the tactile feedback is good, not too "firm" or "clicky", but with a good feedback.>> There is a nice E-mail status widget for the home screen, but you can only have one of these.  If you have multiple e-mail accounts (e.g. for work/home), you can only monitor one of them.  The same goes for some of the other widgets too.>> Direct media controls are gone (the N95/N96/N85 had a dual slider design giving ready access to play/pause/previous/next).  There is a home screen widget available, but it is hardly as convenient (e.g. if you are using an application, typing a mail, etc).Some other limitations that I found so far when compared to their previous N-series phones:>> The amount of available RAM (dynamic memory) available for applications is low (around 55MB, versus about 75MB in the N85/N95).  UPDATE 2009-07-01: This may not be an issue after all. With the latest firmware update from Nokia, the available memory seems to have increased to about 65MB - and in general, the only time I have had a "out of memory" error was while running RoadSync, which explicitly warns that it is not compatible with this phone.>> Adobe Reader is no longer included in the price of the phone. It is still preinstalled, but now only on a trial basis.  If you want to continue using it after some days (about 3 weeks I gather), you need to purchase it - similar to QuickOffice.>> The number of applications available for this phone is somewhat more limited; this is only the second Nokia phone to use the new S60 5th edition user interface w/touch-screen support.  Although most of the older applications will still run on it, there may be some that don't.  Notably, Nokia Internet Radio is not included,  nor is it available for download yet. :(>> Synchronization of phone contacts/events/todos is not yet supported on the Mac, as Nokia have not as of the time of this writing released an iSync plugin for it. (You can still synchronize with Microsoft Exchange, use the built-in "Switch" application to copy contacts from another Nokia phone, or you can transfer contacts as vCards from another phone).>> Getting Bluetooth Stereo Audio (A2DP/AVRCP) to work with your Bluetooth car stereo is hit and miss.  More on my experiences in this regard in the "white" model review.>> The UI is generally a bit "sluggish" - moreso than my previous phone, the Nokia N85, despite a faster processor.  The touch UI probably has a lot to do with this.  (Then again, both the N95 and certainly the N96 did not break any speed records by any stretch of the imagination).All that said, most of these issues are software/firmware related, and will improve over time.  As it is, the N97 is perhaps the most capable phone on the planet today -- a jack of all trades, if you will.  It certainly has improved over previous N-Series phones in a number of ways as well:>> E-mail reading is dramatically improved - especially in clients with HTML support (e.g. System SEVEN). Also, because most of these integrate into the "Messaging" application, messages are listed much more nicely in the mailbox -- the larger screen is used very well here.>> Web browsing - what a pleasure. This was the main attraction of the iPhone - but I think the N97 surpasses it. Kinetic scrolling, variable zoom, and quite a speed improvement.  Of course the previous strengths are there too - the way the "Back" button brings up snapshot views of your previously viewed pages, Flash, etc.>> The phone has quite a "solid" feel to it, without feeling like a tank.To be sure, there are phones out there with better cameras (e.g. Samsung Pixon), more newbie-friendly user interfaces (iPhone), better support for a variety of corporate e-mail standards (Blackberry), and so on - but hardly any that have the combination of all these features in one device.  The closest may be the close cousin Samsung Omnia HD, which:>> runs the same OS, has the same screen resolution and many other features>> has a better camera (yeah "megapixel blur" but also optics), HD video recording>> faster CPU (600 MHz vs 420 MHz)but:>> does not have good support for U.S. 3G frequencies, and>> does not have a keypad (QWERTY or otherwise).These two shortcomings pretty much kills the Omnia HD as an alternative for me.Also, aside from the N85, the N97 is the first Nokia phone to support tri-band UMTS ("worldwide" 3G).  This means that you will get 3G speeds (mostly) where they are available: 850/1900 MHz for AT&T; Wireless and other carriers in the Americas, 2100 MHz elsewhere (including Japan).  That said, for complete worldwide coverage you would need "penta-band" UMTS, with the additional inclusion of 900 MHz for Europe, and 1700 MHz for T-Mobile USA.  No phones currently support all of these bands.  NOTE: There is also a "standard" version of the N97 for international markets, with support for 900/2100 MHz internationally and 1900 MHz for roaming in the Americas.You probably won't see this phone subsidized on contract by a carrier anytime soon.  The primary candidate would be AT&T; - but it looks like they have passed on it (perhaps they don't believe it has mass market appeal).  Then again, if you are looking to get this phone, you are not likely to be the type of person who would accept their lockdowns in the first place.  Look no further than the differences between theunlocked Nokia E71versusAT&T;'s E71xfor a prime example: In AT&T;'s version, various features are disabled (keyboard shortcuts for copy&paste;, the S60 native e-mail reader, network selection), and instead a number of non-removable, non-renamable, non-movable AT&T; specific applications are installed.Another upside of buying an unlocked phone like this is that it may cost you less in the long run.  It seems I'm unable to get actual numbers past Amazon's editors here (see comments) - but if you have a standard SIM from AT&T;, you can plug it into this phone and add a standard "data unlimited" feature.  In contrast, if you get a smartphone on contract from AT&T;, your data plan will be at least twice as expensive - which adds up over the 2-year contract term to cover (at least) the price difference between most of these and the unlocked N97.  Plus, you would of course not need to renew your contract with an unlocked phone like this.  AT&T;'s generally subsidize their phones a couple of hundred bucks versus the unlocked equivalent (except the iPhone, where the subsidy is closer to four hundred, but where the more expensive data plan is mandatory).Finally, if you take your unlocked phone with you abroad, you can walk into a store and get a pre-paid SIM -- that way you local tariffs, rather than pay (outrageous!) roaming fees to AT&T.;Now for a couple of practical aspects and caveats:>> If you are looking for a unique look, go for the white model, not this black one.  Some also think it is better looking.>>If you are going to use the N97 in your car, to play music or for GPS turn-by-turn directions, do yourself a favor and get a cradle/mount for it.  For instance, there is a Brodit cradle (available from ProClipUSA) specifically designed for it; this is one part of a two-part mount, the second part will be specific to your vehicle; you can get one from either ProClipUSA, PanaVise, or Pro-Fit International - they are all compatible.  Or, if you want a universal holder, the Bracketron Grip-IT works nicely for the N97, and can also be put on the same vehicle specific mounts.Finally, if you are looking to get this phone, it is important that you get it for the capabilities, not ease of use.  Like other Symbian/S60 phones, getting used to it takes a little persistence and discovery, but it will grow on you over time as you explore it and learn more about its esoteric features.
Have the phone for a week, almost perfect, but:- Be carefull with case with magnets. Phone is very sensitive, turns ons camara and other stuff while opening, closing or just resting in the case, draining the battery and even blocking the screen completely.- Answering a call needs a double action. First unlock the screen, than touch the answer key. Very annoying.- Turning of the screen can be unresponsive having to shake the phone to get the screen into another position.- Touch screen lacks sensitivity compared to capacitive screens.
So I started using this phone about 5 or 6 months ago and have recently come to this decision to ditch it for a Nokia E75. I will list the pros and the cons I think that the Nokia N97 has....pros*Nice and eye-catching design....Many friends really liked the look of the phone and the sliding keyboard really excited some people*Satisfying web browsing....It has been really nice to look at some much-visited web pages and do some shopping online with the phone, most web sites load quickly and fully*Nice camera*Pretty decent music player....I used this phone with a 16GB card full of music as my primary head-phone music player most of the summer*Large screencons*widgets are a mixed bag...most of them are not really useful and would not connect consistently*"lock key" on side of the phone has been a real pain....sometimes it would work, then not work, then not unlock, get stuck, etc*the touchscreen is just soooo not smooth and slick. I would often wonder if I had pressed something hard enough or not hard enough.*QWERTY keyboard is not very easy to use. The "character" button is right next to the "space" button so I was CONSTANTLY calling up a page of characters at the wrong time, which really slows down typing*on screen numeric key-pad is ok for T9 typing but very clumsy.... I am a very heavy texter and this got so frustrating for the amount of backspacing and deleting for most text messages*not pleasing photo gallery....the biggest problem I felt with this was just how unattractive it looks. I once had a Nokia N85 and the way it displayed the photos was very streamlined and neat looking. This device just lays them all out with no styling and also near the end of my using the device it would take so long to load that it got kind of embarrassing if I were trying to show someone a photo*general bulkiness of the device*high price tagand finally I just got tired of it turning off unexpectedly, re-booting itself, not being able to unlock it with the lock key, etc.So, as you can see it really isn't a bad phone. It just fell way short of my expectations for a Nokia "flagship" phone and also as a touchscreen device. I ordered the E75 out of sheer frustration and the desire to get away from a touchscreen. I've only had the E75 for a few days but in spite of the smaller screen, I now have a smaller, easily pocketable phone with a VERY VERY VERY nice QWERTY keyboard and a traditional keypad for T9 texting. Very happy with my new phone and kinda glad I don't have to deal with the frustration of all the N97's inconsistencies. Thanks for reading!
I have owned Nokia phones my whole life.  This phone is nothing more than a N95 with a touch screen and poor integration.  There are many bugs in the code right now.It has a chance to become a great phone, but wait till the first software update to see how much time & effort Nokia is going to put into it, right now you are best to hold off.UPDATE: I returned the phone back to Nokia, Too many software inconsistencies, some screens you double touch (click) others you only touch once. Some screens you have to use a scroll bar, others you just drag your finger to scroll down. I don't want to have to learn which screen do what and change my habits depending on the application/menu I'm on. Nokia should have taken the time to make all their apps and menus work the same. I would understand that 3rd party applications might be different but not the installed applications on the phone.This phone really needs to be in your hands for a day or two to figure out the frustrations with it. Don't get me started on the poor use of memory and how if you are not a Nokia user from a long time ago, you install your apps on the default drive only to figured out the default drive is not where all the memory is. Or if you get tons of text messages it fills up the C: drive and you-the owner- have to change system settings to tell TXT MSG'ing to not use the default drive.Search the web for N97 to read and see the YouTube videos of why not to buy this dumb phone - um I mean smart phone.
Hard to maintain working properly. Look for another option. there is definetely better phones of about the same or better price.
I am a big Nokia fan and really liked my 5800 and 5530, so I was quite looking forward to playing with the N97. This is a exquisite piece of hardware, the feel of the device is the nicest of any phone I have owned. But the software is really showing its age, even compared to newer, cheaper Nokia phones.Nokia really are asleep at the wheel, the 5530 shows they can do reasonable job of making a touch phone using S60 but they have let their S60 flagship lag far behind other S60 phones that are less than half the price. I gave both the 5800 navigation edition and the 5530 XpressMusic 5 stars based on the great usability and incredible value, but the wonderful N97 hardware is let down by old software.Good:- Wonderful hardware.- Excellent call quality- Very extensive feature set.- Very nice screen in sunlight.- White color looks great.- Nice keyboard (except space bar).- 32GB internal storage.Bad:- Home screen lacks scrolling contacts of 5530.- Inconsistent touch menu (some double, some single tap).- Very small space bar.- Mediocre browser.- Weak FM transmitter (not powerful enough for car use).- Ovi Maps lack search (you need to have google maps installed too).- No in-line spell check.Don't even waste your time comparing this phone to true smartphones like nexusone, droid or iphone 3gs, its just not in that league software wise, only price wise. When you see what google and apple have done so early in the smartphone game, it really is a shame for Nokia. Such great hardware let down by such bad software. And before you say N900, I had one and returned it, maemo shows promise but is far from ready for primetime use and the hardware is a brick.If you have lots of money, already like Nokia S60 phones and have never used an iphone or droid you should love this phone. Everyone else steer clear of it, looks at the 5800 or 5530 if you wanna go Nokia.
Our 14 year old Grand Son immediately latched onto the poholne. The N97 is definitely on great smartphone, and believe me it is being well used. He and his family have AT&T so we were hopeful it would find just the right home, and it definitely did. It's good to see him enjoying the phone.
This is a follow up on a review I wrote for theblack versionof this phone ("Beauty and Brains, Together at Last"), where I covered more of my initial impressions, including some of its pros and cons.  Here I will go into more detail about certain discoveries I have made using the phone for a little while.I should probably first mention again, though, that in all honesty this not the phone for everyone.  In particular, the user interface is a bit quirky (inconsistent, and not always as responsive) - and it does take a certain amount of persistence to explore and appreciate all the features and capabilities that this phone offers.=== Hooking up to your car stereo ===Chances are that one of the first thing you will want to do is to set this phone up for handsfree use and perhaps streaming music over your car stereo.  Doing so is going to be hit or miss.First, it would not work in "Bluetooth Audio" mode (i.e. to stream music over the A2DP Bluetooth profile) withPioneer DEH-P7000BTunit that I had installed in my car, and which worked perfectly (albeit after a Nokia-specific firmware update from Pioneer) with my previous two phones, the Nokia N85 and Nokia N95 -- though it worked fine as a handsfree unit in "Bluetooth Telephone" mode (over HSP/HFP).I went through several car receivers (both buy/return and in store) to get one that actually worked:* ASony MEX-BT2700(works fine, nice intuitive controls, but inferior sound and also inferior handsfree pickup),* AClarion CZ509(complex controls -- I had to download the user manual on my N97 right in the store in order to figure out how to pair it; would only work in "Blueooth Audio" mode and NO SOUND would come through in handsfree mode)* AnEclipse CD5030(very nice unit, good sound, integrated steering wheel controls for Toyota and Honda; but same problem as the DEH-P7000BT: No A2DP/AVRCP with my phone)I skipped on Kenwood, because from prior experience using a KDC-X492 along with a KCA-BT200 adapter, there was a delay from when Bluetooth Audio were initiated from the phone until it was heard over the speakers. This may seem like a nitpick, but I also use my phone as my GPS/navigation system - and the result was that instructions like "In 400 yards, turn left" would become "n left". No dice. The Pioneer unit, at least, did not have this problem.I did finally find something that works for me: A newer Pioneer unit, theDEH-P6100BT.  From my original unit, I also knew that this one has excellent sound quality and controls (good dynamic range, good sound shaping features, etc).  The one problem I'm still having though is that each time this unit connects to my phone, it initially gives me only "handsfree" functionality (not stereo audio). I need to manually go into the menus EACH TIME and enable A2DP and AVRCP (that's quite cumbersome), OR start playback from my phone (in which case A2DP, but not AVRCP is enabled automatically).  In other words, getting my steering wheel controls to do what they are supposed to do - control the playback - is usually more hazzle than it's worth (except for longer trips).All this said, a Bluetooth-enabled stereo is not necessary with this phone.  If you have an auxillary input or a tape deck in your existing car stereo, you can hook up to its 3.5mm jack using a standard auxillary cable or a cassette adapter.  You should then dock your phone close to your driver's seat (I use aBracketron Grip-ITholder until a N97-specific holder is available from ProClipUSA), since you'll be using the internal microphone when making calls.  (I actually got better sound as well as better handsfree pickup with this setup and my factory stereo compared to the Sony I mentioned above).  You will need to use the phone itself to control music playback (as opposed to the receiver or steering wheel controls) - but that's why there is a "Music Player" widget available for the home screen.EDIT: If you read the N97 specs carefully, you also know that it (like the N85 before it) has an FM transmitter.  I did not even bother to mention this initially, because quite frankly, I don't see the point.  It is far too weak to produce the signals required for your typical FM receiver, even as the antenna is fairly close.  All you get is static.=== Tethering (phone as modem) ===A little known fact about GSM/GPRS-enabled phones (except the iPhone) is that they can be used as a modem for your laptop orother device, e.g. while on the road.  You can connect via a USB cable (one is included in the box) or Bluetooth.  In fact, if you have a Mac from the last 3-4 years (e.g. MacBook Pro), it will automatically set up this modem connection when you pair it with your phone (There is a checkbox that says "Access the Internet with your phone's data connection").  For Windows, you can download modem drivers from Nokia's support site.You will need an Access Point Name (APN) from your cellular provider, as well as a dial-up number (often optional), username/password (ditto).  This information is readily available on the Internet.  It should be noted that such tethering is NOT included in the price of many data plans, unless they specifically state so (this is why it is not enabled in the iPhone as sold in the US) - and it certainly would not be wise to use this as your main internet connection.  I find it invaluable for light web and e-mail access on the occasional road trip though.=== Downloading Applications ===The N97 comes with a number of third party applications preinstalled, including JoikuSpot, which allows you to turn your phone into a WiFi access point for internet access; Adobe PDF, QuickOffice, and even an Amazon app.  But of course one of the primary joys of owning a smartphone like this one is being able to continuously explore new applications and uses.The N97 runs the "Series 60" User Interface, 5th edition (a.k.a. S60v5) on top of the Symbian operating system version 9.4.  S60v5 is the first version of this platform to support touch-screen input, and this is only the second phone from Nokia to do so; previous N-series devices (such as the N95, N96, N85) all ran on S60 3rd edition.This means that even though the N97 represents a new type of device for Nokia, it is mostly capable of running applications that were written years ago.  Many of these are being updated for the new touch platform, to be sure, but the main outcome of this backwards compatibility is that you will find some pretty esoteric stuff out there.  For instance, I make frequent use of Salling Clicker - an application that lets you use your phone as a remote control for your (Windows or Mac) computer (over Bluetooth or WiFi), e.g. media/music control, powerpoint presentations, etc., even though that application is not specifically written for the new platform.  I also use the PuTTY telnet/SSH client, which HAS been updated to take advantage of the new touch screen, but otherwise was developed long before the N97 (or even the iPhone).  Then there is Nokia SportsTracker - always invaluable; keep it open while you go jogging, biking, etc; you can later view your route superimposed on a map, speed plots and summary, and even what music you were playing at various times.In addition to Symbian/S60 specific applications, and like most (non-US made) phones, the N97 can run "generic" mobile applications written for Java (J2ME).  For instance, Opera Mini is an excellent and super-fast web browser that can run on most mobile phones (not the iPhone, Palm Pre, BlackBerry though) -- thanks to its use of proxy servers that compress the traffic sent over the air to your phone.  I myself got a kick out of a HP 45 calculator emulator I found recently, which uses the original HP45 program code and even has a picture of it. :)As you can guess, the applications that you can download for the N97 are not concentrated in one location, as they are in the iTunes App Store for the iPhone.  This is a fact that Apple exploits very well in their own marketing - and to be sure, discovering or searching for applications is unfortunately quite a bit more cumbersome for Symbian/S60 than for the iPhone.  On the positive side, that means that there is no central control (you know, where someone decides that there shalt be no third party web browsers, mail readers, or GPS/navigation apps).  In fact, it is this very open architecture that allows the "write once, run everywhere" paradigm of the J2ME platform, whereas Apple, RIM/BlackBerry, and Palm/Pre are only capable of running applications that are specifically written for those devices.Now, Nokia has had a "Download!" service for years, and have recently opened an expanded application store, the "OVI store".  The content is still somewhat meager in both places; moreover, as I found by trial and frustrating error, once you have purchased and downloaded an application from the OVI store, there is no way to re-install it (should you happen to uninstall it at some point).  I was attempting to get a newer version of RoadSync (a Microsoft Exchange client with very decent HTML support) working, but because it got into a state where I wanted to re-enter my Exchange Account information, I had to reinstall.  (This is also an issue in RoadSync -- there should be a way to reset the information without having to uninstall/reinstall).  However, the original installation package was never saved on my phone, and there was also no way to download it without purchasing again.  For me it was thanks, but no thanks - both to RoadSync (poor design) and OVI store (poor design).The bottom line is that if you expect to be fed with a teaspoon from a central app store, then maybe the N97 and Nokia's infrastructure is not for you.=== Cohabiting with the Mac ===The N97 comes with software for Windows, but not for the Mac.  Well - that's standard fare.  Unlike most mobile phone manufacturers, Nokia have at least developed software for the Mac. :)You will want to download two things from them for ANY of their phones: Nokia Multimedia Transfer, and an iSync plugin.Nokia Multimedia Transfer is a background application (access it via a little menu bar applet) which allows you to, well, transfer multimedia between the Mac and your phone when connected via USB (using the "PC Suite" mode on the phone).  It imports captured photos and movies from your phone camera into iPhoto, synchronizes selected playlists between iTunes and the phone (transcoding any movie files that are not natively supported on the phone in the process), and allows you to synchronize web bookmarks between Safari and the phone's browser.The iSync plugin WOULD let you use iSync on the Mac to synchronize contacts, calendars, and todo notes with the phone.  Unfortunately, almost a month after initial release, there is not yet any such plugin available for the N97 -- frustrating since they already have one for the N86 MP, which has not yet been released here.  In the meantime, you can at least transfer contacts from your Mac Address Book to the phone: Select all contacts (Command + A), select File -> Export -> Export vCard; transfer the resulting "vCards.vcf" to the phone (E:\Other\Contacts), then open "Contacts" on your phone to select "Options -> Copy business card -> From other memory".How to do the latter, you ask.  Well, once you have paired your Mac with the phone, you can browse the phone filesystem from your Mac by clicking on the little "B>" (Bluetooth) icon in your menu bar, then selecting the phone, and then "Browse device...".  You can also simply send files from here, or from right-clicking on the file itself and selecting: More -> Send &lt;filename> to ...Finally, as mentioned above, you can use your phone as a modem by simply pairing it over Bluetooth.  Or, you can plug in the USB cable, then open the "Network" System Preferences pane.=== The Copy/Paste snafu ===Unlike previous S60 phones, there are no keypad shortcuts available for Copy/Paste on the N97.  Instead, you need to access these functions in the menus ("Options -> Editing Options" in most places).  The problem is that not every input field has such a menu available!  For instance, if you are entering settings for a new e-mail account, or the WEP/WPA/WPA2 key for a wireless access point, you are working inside a pop-up dialogue box with no menu available.Ridiculous as this sounds, in these places you actually need to CLOSE the keypad, then tap on the input field in order to bring up the virtual numeric keypad, as if you were using multi-tap or T9. On the top of this screen there is a context menu -- if you first drag to select the text you want to cut/copy, then those two options are available in that menu; if there is text in the clipboard, "Paste" is available.Or, you could use aBluetooth keyboard-- more on that below.  In this case, Ctrl-C/X/V works as expected.=== Laptop/Netbook Replacement ===You laugh.  Go ahead.If you are an owner of any other recent N-series device (N95, N96, N85), you already know that it can hook up to a TV using the included TV-Out cable, CA-75U.  Well, the N97 does not come with such a cable, but you can order one separately and it still works.Also, while the N95/N96 come with a "Wireless Keyboard" utility pre-installed, it is not included in the N97.  You can download and install it from Nokia's web site though; go to the support pages for their own SU-8W keyboard.  It will complain that the application is not compatible with this phone, but it will work anyway.So, there you have it.  QuickOffice is already pre-installed to allow you to view Microsoft Office documents - you can purchase an upgrade that allows you to edit these documents too.  Adobe Reader LE is also installed (though note that unlike on previous phones, it is now only a trial - you have to buy it after 2 weeks or so..).Personally, I access remote UNIX hosts over SSH using PuTTY.  Obviously you can also do web browsing, mail reading (incl. Microsoft Exchange), etc.=== Reaching Nerdvana ===Just to be exceptionally clear on this point if you haven't figured it out yet - this is a phone for geeks.  People who follow Boy Genius Reports, for instance, best stick to their iPhone and the eye candy that is afforded them there.  It takes a little bit more persistence to appreciate S60 devices like the N97 - but in return, it will grow on you for a very long time as you keep finding new features and new ways to use it.  For starters, the sheer wealth of hardware that exists on this device (5MP camera with flash and video recording, GPS, 640x360 pixel screen, pull-out keyboard, a hundred different types of sensors including electronic compass, accelerator and proximity sensor) are just ripe for new sorts of applications.
Not wanting to replace with a non-Sony battery, this seemed like the best deal.  Works great, easy to install, only negative being the hard plastic packaging that is standard these days!  Stick with the genuine Sony, as off brand (OEM?) batteries don't seem to cut it in other electronics (from experience!).
This battery restored an old PSP to excellent condition.  The original battery was only 1800mAh and was no longer holding a charge.  This battery has 2200mAh and fit perfectly.
great battery for psp 3000. more than doubles the battery life of the stock battery that the psp comes with.
this is great with this you get a lot of extra time it really gives you more freedom to not need an outlet when your out an about
I would say its a big battery, it reduced the fact that the PSP is not longer slim at one end.You would think after a couple years Sony would make an extended battery thin.Sony does it with all their playstations.I bought a slim for it to be slim, they no longer make regular batteries, so it's all recycled now from a third party.eCity is the only one I found with a "name".These extended batteries are made from Sony, so I do know they last a while.
This inexpensive replacement charger worked fine for my Blackberry Curve 8330.  I never had any problem with it.  It seems like it is the luck of the draw with these type of replacement parts, but mine worked out this time.  At this price, it isn't a huge risk.  Read the seller reviews to try to get a reputable seller.
OEM. Has been working fine for several months. Can't say the same for other slightly cheaper alternatives. Again, OEM = good, non-brand = bad.
The charger works for the BB 8330. I use it daily and so far so good. I will probably chuck it after I'm done with the phone because of the BB specific adapter. Nothing much else to say here, it's pretty simple.
I lost my sprint blckberry charger and this fits perfectly and works without getting too hott!! Glad I brought this car charger.
My charger arrived today.  I have no problems with it all.  It even charges my GPS.  It arrived in the condition as Describe
So yeah, the iPhone 4S has a short battery when going on long flights and what not. Some airports are better than others for having power chargers, so I love carrying this as a backup. It's so nice to not have to sit in that one horrible seat next to a power plug. This doesn't charge the device as fast as plugging it into the wall, but it's better than nothing.
I'm constantly on the road, and tend to talk a lot on the phone. There is no battery that can resist, let alone the iPhone's. So I need a way to recharge my phone and get the most of it until I get home at night.This has been a very good companion. Lightweight and it works with my Nokia even when the battery is fully drained.Charging this unit thought a USB port is a great advantage, as you don't necessarily need a computer to charge it, you can use a USB wall outlet available at many stores for almost nothing, so you can charge the Energi to go without a PC. I believe there are such devices for your auto as well.The factory tips are enough for most users: Nokia, Blackberry, iPhone/iPod, Samsung, etc.
This is very lightweight and slips into your purse, pocket or briefcase.  What is great is that the company will ship tips for your device and all you pay is the shipping.This has been a great gift to college students going off to college and it was a big hit as stocking stuffers for moms, dads, road warriors and anyone who finds themselves screaming when they find their phone readlining or DOA.It's a nice quality device, will charge a smartphone to 1 full charge.
Overall this thing is ok. It does the job, recharging the phone, but it's slow. It charged my Droid X from 10% to 60% in about 4 hours. I was still using it during that time.
This Energizer/XPAL XP2000 power pack is nice and compact. It's about the size of a credit card and half an inch thick. It's got a glossy plastic finish and a 4-LED battery indicator so you can check how much charger it has. I love the fact that it has a standard USB output, and not the horrible proprietary tip system in the XP600. It charges through a miniUSB port and has a reset button - although I'm not sure why.This device adds about 1260mAh to my Nexus 4, which isn't too bad. It outputs current at 0.5A, though, so don't expect it to provide 1-hour charges or anything.Good build quality, decent capacity.
An excellent fit for the phone.  Overall a nice case, and much better than the cheap, soft, plastic one we purchased prior to this one.  Eventually, the black scrapes off and shows white spots, but still worth the protection at this value.
At the time this was the only case available for this phone. Its just black, nothing impressive but very durable.
I received what I wanted and am pleased of the product.  Thank you very much.
I REALLY LIKED THE CASE AND THE SCREEN PROTECTOR AND I THINK I STILL HAVE THIS CASE SOMEWHERE IN THE HOUSE SO ITS VERY WELL MADE
I have to say this was the best money I have spent so far. The case fits perfect, the screen protector was almost exact. One edge of the protector was a bit to big and left a small bubble on the top conner. this was not a problem because the case covers that and is unseen.
I no longer have the phone but the case was well made and served its purpose,i would recommend to a friend this is a good quality case for a great price,that is Amazon,great quality at great prices,always.
I got this case/screen proctector combo when I got my Samsung Impression phone. The case is holding up well and looking pretty good; the screen proctector has a few scratches but overall, looks ok. I got my money's worth.
Easy to connect to my Droid Incredible each and everytime. I turn it on every time I'm in the car, 2 hrs a day, and it had been 2 weeks and I haven't recharged it yet. Very clear sound but if you are in a car, the other end of the line would hear some engine noise, but very tolerable. A little awkward to place on ear, but like everything else, after a while you get used to it.All in all, the product works well, specially for the price.
I bought this item, and I guess they ran out, they sent me a more expensive Samsung model instead.  I use it every time I'm driving a car that doesn't have Bluetooth built in. Voice quality and wind noise seem to be acceptable.
I didn't buy this for a phone - I bought this for my husband who is obsessed with playing Modern Warfare on our PS3.  He had been dying for a chance to finally get to coordinate attacks with the other people on the Playstation Network.  I had avoided getting him one because I figured it would just encourage more playing.But then someone told me that you could use any bluetooth headset with the PS3.  So I snagged one of these off of the shopping god, Amazon.  After a little confusion in the part of set up (because SOMEONE won't read the instructions) we charged this bad boy up and he was chattering away.And then I discovered the wonder that I had never known... if he has the headset on - the rest of the babbling idiots are not cursing over my TV as the kids walk by.  Now it's not silent, the gunshots and background music still play, but I don't have to listen to a bunch of 12 year olds who just learned the F bomb drop it every chance they get.  It's like a miracle!  Had I known this I would have bought him one long ago.I haven't tried it on, but he says that it's comfortable and he played for several hours with no issues so the charge must be okay.  I can't comment on the quality in regards to a cell phone, but for the PS3 it's working like a champ.Highly recommended for people who are tired of listening to idiots screaming over their TV while someone else is playing the PS3.
Pros*****1. Call quality is good and voices sound natural.2. Dedicated power button is a nice touch3. 3-color LED glow to indicate the battery life is useful to know when to charge.Cons*****1. If you are planning to use headset in noisy environments often, consider something with noise cancellation.2. Fit can be better. For smaller ears it does not feel very secure (but does not fall off easily)
I got this for my cousin and she loves it.She told me that it was easy to connect(And she's no genius);-)She likes the sound quality,and the fact that it fits around her ear.Would definately recommend.
I have my MiFi device about a month now and so far I'm really impressed - glad I went with the MiFi over the alternatives. I find I can just stick it in my backpack and I get hassle-free connections from my laptop or iPod, without anything to plug in or share, and in emergencies, I can even share my bandwidth with a few other people without sacrificing too much performance.I tend not to use the supplied Verizon software...Windows out of the box connects just fine, once you configure in the SSID and encryption keys. Only time I use the Verizon software is when the battery runs low and I want to use (and charge) the device from a USB port connected to my PC.As for performance, in my office (where I can see the cell tower just across the street), [...] reports amazing 3.0MB downloads and about 700KB uploads. This is the fastest mobile device I've seen. Unfortunately, I live in an area where there's spotty coverage, and from home I seldom see over about 500KB/200KB (down/up). This is with zero to one bar in the signal strength meter in Verizon's software.I have two small gripes: One, I'd prefer a way to set the SSID and encryption key manually. So far haven't found a way to configure anything other than the Verizon chosen settings. This makes me hesitate to share my bandwidth with coworkers I might be traveling with...in essence, there's no way to "revoke" it once shared.[UPDATE: Yes, this is possible to do - you just point the browser to the IP address of the MiFi itself, and there's a fairly typical web-based admin capability built-in that includes the ability to change the SSID, encryption type and keys, etc. Add an extra half-star for this, although it should have been better documented so mere mortals could figure it out!]My other complaint is something I suppose I should have thought about, but it seems to be a hassle (and expensive) to get the device working outside the USA. The rep mentioned something to me, but I didn't think about it until I was out of the country, and regretted not being able to connect.Still, if you want to be connected at broadband speeds - even across multiple devices - anywhere you can get a cellular signal, it's a great option.
After being sorely disappointed from Sprint Overdrive, I turned to Verizon Mifi for my mobile internet access need. I did a round trip back and forth from Chicago to San Francisco with it powered on with at least one device connected 8-10 hours a day almost every day. I was impressed with good Verizon coverage & stability of this device. Unless you absolutely need "largest data footprint", I highly recommend Verizon Wireless for your data need.If your work relies on internet access and you are a road warrior or travelling, do not rely on your hotel/motel's or coffee shop internet access. During my month-long trip, several places that I stayed had free wi-fi, but their signal barely reached my room. Mifi did save the day(night). In big cities, places with free wi-fi are usually overloaded with tons of users trying to watch latest video clips. Sure, if you are just using internet casually, $60/month may sound expensive. But if you need it for work, $60 doesn't seem expensive any more when you are on the road.If you ever decide to get this device, be sure to call customer support to block text message service unless you want a surprise. This device can still receive/send text messages. You may not aware of incoming message, but you'll have to pay for it if somebody sends texts to your number.I am hopeful for the 3.9G network that Verizon will launch in the future. But don't hold your breath as the technology itself is very new. It will probably cover major cities at first and will take several years to reach Verizon 3G coverage. If you need flexible mobile internet connectivity NOW, I say this Verizon Mifi is the best candidate.See + & - for this device & Verizon service below :+ Very stable device. Rarely crashes. (Sprint Overdrive crashes all the time.)+ For my requirements, albeit somewhat expensive, 5GB/mo is adequate.+ Relatively fast mobile connectivity. Fastest download I got was 2.5mbps in Yellowstone (Old Faithful). Typical is 500k-1mbps. Sure T-Mobile & AT&T; has the latest & fastest technology, but their 3G coverage is abysmal comparing to Verizon. Verizon is also on a lower frequency band (then AT&T;, T-Mobile and Sprint) which means it penetrates through walls and travels further. When using T-Mobile in Chicago, when I get into a building, it will just drop to 2G network. -- If you need mobile access in specific place and AT&T;/T-Mobile has good coverage, go with them. You'll be much happier with faster connection. But if you travel quite a bit, you will appreciate Verizon 3G coverage. -- For me I just need fast enough internet access most of the time, rather than fastest internet access from time to time.+ Customer service is very efficient & helpful. Try their direct line. Google "get human".- If you are connecting to corporate VPN, be prepared to get disconnected from time to time. Verizon shuffles your IP address while you're online once in a while. Once your IP address changes, most VPN will drop. (Be prepared to shell out $500 if you want static IP)- Mifi is slow to dish out IP address to your wifi devices. My Nexus One has trouble connecting to it.- This device has no external antenna port. If you are visiting area with bad reception (yes, when you are on the road long enough, you'll know Verizon has a fair share of those area), you just have to move the device around until you get better signal. It would have been much easier with external antenna.- While Verizon has best 3G coverage, it doesn't have the best "data footprint". Verizon does NOT roam on to other networks for data service. If you are unfortunate to be in the area where Verizon doesn't exist (Yosemite comes to mind, the ONLY provider their is Golden State Cellular), you have NO data access at all. --- If your work/livelihood depends on data accessibility, go with Sprint as you can hop on data service on other network.- Despite what the "Can you hear me now?" guy tries to imply. Verizon still has tons of dead spot, and several cities only has 2G coverage. But if you stick to main interstates & no-to-small of a city, you usually have 3G.- This device is charger-picky. Do not expect to connect it to any USB port and it will charge. I've had success with Fry's $2 cigarette micro-usb charger, Kensignton laptop/USB charger.- With latest firmware update, device will act as a wirelss modem when connected to a computer. This means that no other devices will be able to access the 'net via Wifi.
I bought this through amazon and it took three tries to get passed the application process... every time it claimed my address was wrong so you need to verify your post office zip code city name , my city is on the out skirts so my zip code did not match what I wrote in... So I used the post office city name for my zip and that seemed to fix the problem.The device is small and light which is great. It does have its quirks....The lights are way too bright , you can see this thing glowing in my pocket when I am a walking hot spot....There is no signal strength led's (like a cradlepoint) on the device.The unit does not come with a DC car adapterThe Verizon access software did not work on my mac (snow leopard) , it will not connect teethered with the usb cable , it did work on my other mac (leopard) without their software just go into networks and click the device and let OS X make the connection for you.Verizon downloads for the latest software require you to know your phone number , something a non phone device like a mifi your never going to remember so you have to log into the device to find it anytime you need something from the Verizon web site...the connection led blinks when in use which gets annoying , again a signal meter would have been nicer.Cant seem to find extra batteries anywhere , I would like to have spare batteries for quick swap outs but no one seems to have them or a stand alone battery charger.No real external battery indicator , the led is suppose to change color but mine is always green even if the battery goes low.a camera type loop on one side of the device would be nice so it can have a strap attached to it would have been nice, this way it could dangle from the rear view or make a lanyard and wear it if need be if you dont have pockets or the signal is too weak in your pocket or bag.The connection led should stay solid green for 3g and blink or change color if it drops to something lower forget the blinking when data is moving its just annoying and seems like there is something wrong.an internal byte counter/limiter so you could tell the device to shutdown when your limit is up ... set it to 5gb and never worry about an overageMy Sprint usb stick seems faster but this maybe due to using wifi rather than directly into the laptop. I have seen this behavior on my cradlepoint as well.I tested the device on my ipod touch while in a Walmart and the mifi in my pant pocket , it never lost signal and I had 2 or three bars (using safari to check the wifi page) , I was able to use the ipod touch in the store without any problems. Streaming radio using the ipod and bike riding was not a problem either.My experiences with 5gb limits on mobile bandwidth has been that it seems to be enough for normal use , in the car , at the hotel , a trip for a few days and just web surfing , streaming audio , emails ,etc... stay away from streaming video , downloading big files and you should be fine.
I've had the mifi for a week, and am completely satisfied. It's surprising how easy it is to connect when traveling in an RV (I'm retired, so I find myself in many geographical locations, when connecting...) and this gadget has provided me with wifi connection in the Grand Canyon's RV Trailer Village, in the mountains above Boulder, Co, and at the border of Glacier Nat'l Park (at the portal of West Glacier, East of Whitefish).Verizon had the unit overnighted to me at no charge, it was very easy to set up, and so far, I've not come near using my 5 Gig usage limit (extrapolated, not a full month has elapsed).  Also, I stayed in Vegas at MGM for two nights, and have always used their $12.95/night wifi; not this time! No need, thanks to MiFi. What a great product. And I will use it when visiting my farms in IA and IL, where I stay "on farm" in my RV, in the boonies, and have been frustrated in past years, by lack of internet access. Wherever you can catch a Verizon cell phone signal, you will receive, even stronger, their broadband service...
I used this MIFi for more than 2 years.  After my contract ended, I kept using it, for 2 reasons. First, it worked really well, in that it always connected quickly to the Verizon network, as well as to my connected devices, such as laptop.  This was true all over the Washington, DC area, where I live, as well as throughout the country when I traveled.  Second, some newer models had really bad reviews (Amazon reviews really are handy).  Yes, some of the newer devices were faster, at 4G, but why would that matter if the device didn't work all the time, when you needed it?  So, I held on tight to this model, the 2200.Fast forward to a couple months ago when I gave the newest Verizon MiFi, the Novatel MiFi 4620L Jetpack 4G Mobile Hotspot (Verizon Wireless), a try. This MiFi was definitely worth waiting for.  It worked as well as the MiFi 2200, and at 4G was faster.One thing to be aware of (this may not apply to new subscribers): the plan I had with Verizon 2200 was a 3G plan.  With the 4620L, Verizon no longer offers this plan, and I had to upgrade to a 4G plan that was $15 more a month, with a higher data allowance.  I'm not using more data, on average, each month, so I am effectively paying $15 more a month with this device.  But, the data upload and download is faster, so I don't mind too much.In sum, if you want the latest and faster Verizon MiFi, check out the 4620L, which is also offered here on Amazon.Either way, you can't go wrong.
The mifi has the potential to be a breakthrough product, but unfortunately it fails in its first iteration.While casual web and email users won't notice this, more complicated and data intense connections (such as connecting to a VPN) seem to overwhelm the Mifi, and it will drop the connection to Verizon's network and quickly reconnect.  While such behavior won't impact email or web browsing severely, it does force VPN users to have to reinitiate a connection and start over.  For business users it's effectively useless.This is not a problem confined to a single location either.  So far this behavior has occurred in multiple locations across four states even when there's a full strength connection to the tower.Another annoyance is the charging behavior.  Plugging the device into a USB port on a computer disables the wifi router and converts the device back to a traditional USB broadband access device.  What were the engineers thinking?  If the battery is running low you're forced to connect the old fashioned way to the network with bloated drivers and all of the annoyances that this device is supposed to eliminate.  Activation was a pain too as it required installing all of that stuff to get started.Words cannot express how truly disappointed I am in this product.  Even more so the fact that both Verizon and Novatel are completely silent on the disconnect issue.  There's a good discussion on the Verizon messageboards that describes the problem (and many users' frustration) in greater detail.UPDATE -- 10/24/09Novatel and Verizon released a firmware update for the device in October.  I haven't used it enough to make a judgement as to whether or not this improves the situation, but some users are reporting better device behavior.  I'll report back when I learn more.Unfortunately, Mac users are out of luck on the firmware update.  The device will only update with the Windows version of VZ Access manager.  If you don't have Windows running in Parallels or VMWare you need to take the unit into a Verizon store for an update.  Quite a hassle.UPDATE -- 10/31/09Unfortunately the firmware update does nothing to address the problems I indicated above.  I have had no less than three disconnects with the device in the last 30 minutes, and I am in sight of the tower!  I again repeat the above cautions.  This device is not for professional use.
I have had a Verizon Wireless MiFi Broadband Router for about weeks now and felt it was time to share my real world experiences and thoughts on the device.  In three words: IT IS GREAT!What is it?  It is basically a Verizon Wireless EVDO card in a small casing that acts as a Wi-FI Router and allows for 5 simultaneous devices to connect to it.How does it work?  The MiFi is like any other router, on the underside of it you will find a SSID and a WPA Security key so you can connect any of your devices to it via wi-fi.  If you dont have a device with wi-fi y ou can plug it into your computer via usb and use the VZAccess Manager software to gain connectivity.How big or small is it?  Simply put, it is the size of a Kit-Kat bar.Battery Life?  I charged it fully for testing purposes and connected my blackberry 8900 and iPhone 3g to it.  My commutes are usualy about 4 hours round trip per day and thus this was the best way to test the device.  I enabled streaming stock quotes on the blackberry and browsed using my iPhone for the entire time to really put it through its paces.  Real world is after heavy usage about 5 hours of battery life.  This will of course change based on coverage areas and the such.Speed?  This is where the MiFi shines - I must say I was impressed.  Since there is no easy way to do a speed test from a mobile device, I simply connected my laptop to it via wi-fi and did 4-5 speed tests in different locations to make them as accurate as possible.  The average speed is about 1.75mbits down and close to 800kbps up.  Impressive to say the least...especially in remote parts of New Jersey and while moving in a vehicle.  (Someone else was driving :-))I am no stranger to mobile connectivity.  The MiFi is a truly amazing device and its size alone makes it a MUST BUY!  The ability to have wi-fi on all mobile devices via EVDO and not having to worry about connecting cards and cables is truly AMAZING.Why then does it get a 4/5 - Simple - No unlimited data plans mean we have to keep our eyes on our usage and we may go over if we are not careful...especially because its so easy to get connected.
I bought this MiFi thinking that I would swap it for my Aircard that I've been using on Verizon for several years. I was attracted by the ability to have up to 5 devices share one connection.Overall the device will allow up to 5 devices to share the connection. And the speeds have been decent - averaging about 1.5 mb.The problem i that this device constantly disconnects from the Internet and you are forced to wait for it to re-connect. It's not something everyone would notice (you can watch it by going to the control panel at the IP address 192.168.1.1).There are also some really odd problems such as not being able to update the firmware from a Mac, not being able to initially turn on the device and have it work on AC power (I've always had to start it up unplugged and after it's connected attach it to the power cord).I think this is just a really cheap product that I would avoid. It's probably near end-of-life and there are much better (and faster) alternatives coming (see Sprint 4G Novatell).Before you buy - do a quick web search for issues around this model. I found many that I wish I'd known about BEFORE I made the purchase.
this replacement served him my cell phone and I could do the repair. Although you pay somebody to do the repair, the cost was very little. I recommend it.
I was really surprised at the amount of tools that comes with this kit. For $10, this has everything that you need to replace a cracked screen. Make sure you read the instructions or watch a YouTube video before attempting to fix it yourself. The glass works really well and the digitizer that comes with it works just like the OEM.I was able to replace the screen in a cafe in a little over 1 hour (it took a while to separate the old glass). The quality is amazing. This kit also comes with a guitar pick. You're probably wondering, why would I need that? However, you'll see later that it becomes really useful when you're trying to separate the glass/digitizer from the metal frame.This comes with a screwdriver, separating tool, guitar pick, some other little tools that I didn't need to use, the glass and digitizer. Other sites sell similar products for about $25. Amazon has the best deal if you have Amazon Prime for free shipping.
Not OEM but works well and looks good.  I would buy again, great price.  Note that you will see some &#34;grid lines&#34; if you hold the phone at the right angle in the light, but nobody is going to notice that unless you're like me who pays particular details to parts or just fix iPhones in general.
I used this kit to replace the cracked glass in my iPhone 3G.  The glass was cracked for a couple of years and I contemplated getting it fixed locally for like $100.  I then saw this cheap kit and thought, what the heck.  I'll try it.  I was able to complete it in a few hours and it works great!  I did have a little bit of an issue getting the paper off of the 2-sided tape that you use to glue the glass to the sensor but once I got it going it worked great.  Very cheap and not very hard to be honest.
This is exactly as described and worked great for the broken screen.  I HIGHLY suggest getting the screen and digitizer in one like this so you don't have to go melting glue and picking at shards of glass... it's not fun.  This was a straight forward and easy install.  It still works to this day.
Good replacement digitizer.  I was able to see the lines on the glass though (looked like a football field).  Never noticed that on the original screen. It may have been there but it seemed more noticeable on this one.  Didn't cause any issues and was only noticeable when the screen was off (dark).
Worked perfect, fit perfect and couldn't ask for anything else. Thanks for the good products. I will definitely be back for more.
I PLACE MY ORDER ON A TUESDAY AND I ONLY TWO DAYS !! I RECIBE MY ORDER THIS WAS GREAT!!
Purchased from ULIKE, The digitizer arrived after a month and was defective.... several emails and pictures later they asked me to get a &#34;professional&#34; install, sorry I will not pay someone $50 to install a $5 screen on a 30$ phone, I am perfectly competent enough to install a 3g digitizer having done 10~ 3G/3GS without error,  and countless iPhone 4/4S. Give me my money back i ordered it on ebay for 3.99 and 2 day shipping for free
I love my replacement glass it fits perfect and I have no problem what so ever, I recommend this product.
Reasonable price and exactly what I needed. My wife has broken her iPhone screen three times. I'm getting to be a pro at replacing screens. I'm glad companies like this offer reasonably priced screens with a complete installation kit.
The screen was easy to replace, I changed it for my niece's iphone. I watched how to do it on youtube and then followed the instructions and replaced it. Anybody can do it.
I bought this to replace my wife's broken screen. I've got decent manual dexterity, but I found that this install was very difficult. I finally finished the install, but had to replace it again after the screen broke another time. This time I broke down and just bought the preinstalled screen on the frame with the ear speaker and button (Pre-installed Kit : Apple iPhone 3G Lcd Glass Screen Cover + Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame + Home Flex Button + Ear Speaker + Tool + Foam Pad on Flex). The earpiece wasn't really of Apple quality, but the install was so much easier.So, keep in mind that this is a tough install, and that for not too much more you can get a preinstalled screen on the frame with the home button and ear speaker already installed (making it an easy install). Since these parts have come down so much in price, it may just be worth the gamble to see how you fair with the preinstalled part and save yourself the headache of separating the glass from the frame, installing buttons and speakers, etc. Or, if you are confident in the repair or have done it before, just buy this part and save yourself a few bucks.Anyway, hope this was helpful. Best of wishes with the repair!
I was extrememly unimpressed with this product!  The speaker cable did not fit right, do I could not hear on the phone unless it was on speaker.  The earpiece speaker would not plug into the board correctly.
Replaced my screen! Works great.
I dropped my 3G iPhone on a Thursday and ordered a replacement screen, with overnight shipping, from a different company. They sent me a 3GS screen which I realized (after the 5th attempt) wasn't going to work. Honestly, I was a bit hesitant to order yet another replacement screen but my checkbook said buying a newer iPhone just wasn't an option. (Amazon kindly refunded my money, btw.)On Sunday I placed my order for this screen replacement. Although Amazon said shipment may take 3-7 days, I just didn't want to shell out for overnight shipping again. Imagine my surprise when it arrived in 2 days.Better yet: following video guides on YouTube and reading written instructions elsewhere, I was able to replace my broken screen in less than 30 minutes. It's touch sensitivity is as good as ever, and I've had absolutely NO problems.A couple of tips that might come in handy:(1) Lay out a dark-colored cloth on your work table before disassembling the iPhone. This will help you see both any slivers of glass that fall out of your cracked screen, but also the incredibly tiny screws you'll be removing and replacing.(2) When re-inserting those teeny tiny screws, I found it helpful to lay my iPhone on its back, pick up the screw with the tip of the screwdriver, then come at the hole from the side. This reduced any chance I'd wiggle the phone while holding it with one hand and trying to insert the screw with the other.(3) YOU WILL NEED YOUR OWN SCREWDRIVERS!(4) If you manage to get fingerprints on your LCD screen use a dry eyeglass cleaning cloth (microfiber type) and gently -- GENTLY -- buff them off.And, above all, go slowly and be patient.
If you are handy and willing to take a chance that you can fix it, buy it and try it. There are many tips online that will help you fix almost anything.
I researched how to replace the glass in my iPhone, found several videos and watched them.  After this I decided for under $10.00 I could take the chance.  In 1.5 hours I had my iPhone working.  The next one will take less than 1 hour.  Hints to those doing this for the first time, a heat gun works great at loosening up the glue, I think better than a hair dryer would.  My screen poped out easier than what the video's showed so go slow.  Putting the cables back on is the hardest part, go slow, put the ear-speaker cable on first, then the LCD and finally the digitizer.  Try the phone before completely assembling the phone, remember the Home button won't work until fully assembled but everything else will.  Check to make sure the LCD, touchscreen and ear-speaker work, the external speakers will work even if the ear-speaker doesn't so don't use that as a test.  You can slide your card back in for the test and remove it for final assembly.  Getting all 3 things connected took me about 1 hour of my 1.5 hours.  Getting to the point of putting the phone back together was about 30 minutes and I was taking my time to make sure I didn't bend or break anything.  Glad I didn't pay Apple $200.00 or someone onllne $100.00 to do it and have to wait on shipping.This replacement did come with a tool kit that worked perfectly, even though it was not mentioned in the description.  I ordered one in addition and ended up not needing it.  Not sure if that was a fluke or if all replacement screens come with a tool kit. Fair warning make sure you order replacements for 3G or 3Gs, there is a difference.  If you do not know how to tell the difference, Google it and there are plenty of sites to tell you how.Update, after 2 days of using the iPhone I noticed a dead area of the screen.  Contacted New Harbor and they shipped a replacement it within 24 hours of sending the first message.  This one came in and worked.  Very satisfied with thier customer service response.
This is a correction to my previous review.  This works perfectly fine for the iPhone 3G.  ***READ AND UNDERSTAND THAT THIS PART IS FOR THE iPHONE 3G, NOT THE 3GS.*** The connection is fine on the 3G, but will not fit a 3GS properly.A+ CertifiedIT support for 8 years.IT Hardware repair for 10 years.
My wife's iphone was cracked. We're about to upgrade to the iPhone 4 and I wanted to fix the screen so I can make more selling our old phones.A word of advice before ordering - watch the different items and sellers closely. I used this link to this product (the one you're viewing now) a little over a week ago and paid about $10 from a seller called Digital Media Source. Today the same link lists it at $16.34 from the seller Shivser. If you can be patient with ordering you might be able to get it for less.Definitely watch several YouTube videos on how to do this because my screen came with absolutely no directions. This is the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars. After reassembling everything the phone is working great and I can't tell a difference between the original screen an the new one. Here are a few things I learned in replacing my screen:1. Don't forget to turn off the phone! I was so eager to get started I forgot to do that, and throughout the process the back portion of the phone (with the battery, speakers, etc) kept chiming with text messages! Fortunately it didn't affect anything.2. Using the suction cup to remove the old screen eliminates the potential damage you might do to the plastic screen frame if you pry it off with the little plastic tool. Just be careful not to pull too hard because you can rip the three connector ribbons off (as happened in one of the YouTube videos!).3. Have a separate dish or cup to put the screws in because they are FREAKIN' TINY! If possible, do everything on a large sheet of white paper (like butcher paper) or on a lightly colored floor because if you drop one it takes forever to find.4. Removing the LCD is tricky, but maybe I was just playing it too safe.5. I used the guitar pick thing to remove the old glass from the plastic frame. I used a hairdryer for about 3 or 4 minutes to partially melt the old glue, then laid the hair dryer down (while still on) and held the glass in front of it while prying it loose with the guitar pick.6. I used tweezers to remove as much of the old adhesive as possible (while the hair dryer was still going).7. If I ever do this again, I might actually use super glue instead of the adhesive sticker things. They were very difficult to position correctly.8. Reconnecting the #1 ribbon was a pain in the butt. Surprisingly this was the most tricky part of the installation to me.9. The home button won't work until you snap the glass back down completely. I was trying to test the phone before I snapped it together and was freaking out because the home button didn't work. Once I snapped it down everything worked fine.The entire process probably took 90 minutes, but I think if I had to do it again - which I probably will with a friend's shattered screen - I could do it in half that time. Also, if you have a suction cup at home I wouldn't waste money on the tool kit. You can buy the small screwdrivers for a buck at the Dollar Tree and any small blade or piece of plastic would work to do the prying.
I fix iPhones very often and when the 3G and 3GS were still in this is the screen replacement I would use. Just remember the 3GS and 3G use two different digitizers.
This digitizer was easy to install, and it worked great. It was exactly as described, and I got everything it said it was.
The product by itself is very fine! Looks better than what most of the repair shops install. The only problem I had with this one that it came without the adhesive band to install it. I had to take the phone to a repair place so they replaced for me. The digitizer is quite sensitive and works fine. I gave the phone to my little niece long time ago and I think she still having it.
lasted for about one year before they damaged, they are ok for the price
I purchased a couple of Game boy advances for next to nothing but they had no chords.  Presto, there they were and now I have a couple of amazing stocking stuffers for my grandchildren.
Shipping was prompt and courteous for this item.  It really, really was nothing to complain about, so I don't blame the seller all that much, but the product is just defective.  My shuffle didn't charge, and couldn't be detected on the computer.  I am not going to bother returning it, because for the money I spent, it's just not worth the time or aggravation.  So not worth it.
A tool kit all in one. Very handy set for use with my Ipod nano. Item received as described an in a timely manner, thank you
Doesn't work for 4th Generation iPod Shuffle. The charging adapters don't even work. Total Piece of Mung. AVOID. I also need 20 words so that I can post this review. Really Amazon? I have Prime with you guys and I have to do this 20 word thing? I said everything I needed to say about the product in less than 20 words.
I think this phone is Verizon's best phone thus far.  It is a great phone, and is a nice combination upgrade of the top three phones from Verizon (LG Dare, LG enV3, LG Voyager).  The Blackberry Curve is VZW's top device, but I put that more as a PDA phone, rather than a regular phone with extra features (which is what the LG phones I listed above).  I've had many phones from Verizon for about 10 years now;  I have three lines in my account, and I upgrade my phone every year and the two other lines every other year.  IMHO this is the best phone to come out of Verizon.  The keyboard options are nice, though I find myself using the virtual keyboard more (I am used to the LG Dare).  I like the animated scroll (though not as nice as the HTC Touch Diamond or Pro, but again, these two are more data device/PDA phones, rather than regular phones).The screens for the LG enV Touch are quite nice, and definitely look a lot nicer than the LG Dare (and I like my Dare).  On paper, the LG enV Touch screens are better.  Both the internal and external displays of the LG enV Touch have 480x800 pixels, and 16 Million color levels (-vs- 240x400 pixels and 260K color levels on the Dare).  So it makes sense that the Touch screens look better.  (The Samsung Omnia screen is also 240x400 pixels and 65K color levels, so also inferior to the enV Touch).  If you have a chance, take a look at them side-by-side at your local store... you will see what I mean, and the difference will be quite obvious.The camera is quite impressive (3.2 MP) and the large screen size makes taking pictures a lot easier.  Daytime shots come out decent.  The night shots are not the greatest, but even regular cameras have problems with dark scenes.  I've tried the flash feature, and it helps a tiny bit (but I would never use it again. LOL!)I tested the data speed (via dslreports) and the reported speed was 812 kbit/sec, which is slower than my LG Dare (I got 1185 kbit/sec). I placed the phones on the same spot on my desk when I was running the tests, and ran one test per phone (one after the other) for 5 tests, and these are the average speeds of the 5 tests. I'm not sure why the Touch is slightly slower, given that both are EVDO Rev.A. I will next test the mobile broadband speed of both (results pending).  One huge benefit is that the "unlimited" data usage for this phone is only $15/month instead of the $30/month like the other data phones (blackberry, omnia, htc, etc.)The only negative feature I found was the disappointing battery life. I charge it overnight, take it off the charger at 7am, go to work, and by 2pm it has half the battery. This was consistent over the last 5 days I've had the phone.  If I leave the phone alone for an hour or so, when I get back to it the battery is up to 3/4 charged (I did not charge it).  I've even performed a hard reset (took the battery off while the phone was still on, waited over 30 sec, replaced the battery, turned the unit on, and charged overnight). No change in the battery life. I remember this was an issue with the LG Dare when it first came out a year ago, but the issue with the LG enV Touch is worse. I hope LG comes out with a fix for this (like they did with the Dare, and the battery life became significantly better).Altogether, I have been very happy and impressed with this phone. Having tested this unit thoroughly and extensively, I highly recommend this phone.  I am still running some more tests (bluetooth, mobile broadband & tethering, mobile web browsing, apps like VZ Navigator, etc.), and I will update this review in about a week.Having said all this, the LG enV Touch is a GREAT iPhone alternative, but is far from being an iPhone killer.  For those who are not on ATT and/or those who want to move from ATT, I highly recommend this phone.Pros:-Ext & Int screens are clear and large-Camera takes great pictures (for a phone)-FAST Mobile web...like my LG Dare-EVDO Rev.A so mobile broadband with tethering is FAST-dual keyboard (virtual and real)-decent speakers-clear sound for phoneCons:-battery life not very impressive. This is a pity, I actually gave thisphone 6 stars (out of 5) and docked one star for the battery, thus ending with 5 stars still.
After 2 other LG phones that were buggy and had issues with dropped calls, I told myself I would NEVER buy LG again. But because I wanted a qwerty touch screen phone, my options were limited, so I thought I'd give LG one last try.I could not be more happy! This phone is amazing, touch screen is very responsive, call quality rivals landline quality, takes great quality photos, brilliant display screen, loud ringers, good sized qwerty keyboard for texting, I could go on and on!There are many ways to customize this phone to your needs, there are a multitude of settings. This is the phone I have been waiting for.I got a Samsung Impression last week, but wasn't entirely happy with the phone, but mostly unhappy with AT&T; service, many places I found myself having no signal, for a 3G phone in a major city, this was unacceptable.So I returned the phone and found myself searching for something similar, the Lg Envy Touch was similar, but better as far as features, I was just afraid to try another LG, but they have restored my faith.There a a few minor things I don't like about the Envy Touch, the vibration mode is not that strong, if you have the phone in a case, and your in a noisy place unable to hear the ringer, you need to rely on vibrate mode, but you can hardly feel it vibrate, my wife has an Envy 2, and the vibration is very strong, if it's on a table in vibrate mode, it will move when it rings several inches from where it was because the vibration is so strong, but the Envy Touch is not even close.Would also prefer a slide open instead of a flip, but not a big deal, just a preference. And lastly when texting, the beginning of a sentence does not start in caps, you must hit the shift key, every phone I had the sentence would start in caps, but again no big deal.The pros of this phone are many, the cons are few, there is no such thing as the perfect phone, but this comes pretty close.The Envy Touch is definitely a keeper and I highly recommend it!Update:12/9/09I've had this phone for 6 months now, and it's starting to randomly shut off, took it back to the Verizon store, they gave me a software update, but this didn't help.Also too, when I get text messages, sometimes when I flip open the phone to read my message the screen is blank, I have to close and open it several times before I see anything.I should not be having these problems after only 6 months :(Update: 1/4/10I am now on my 3rd Envy Touch, Verizon gave me a like new replacement, but it had the same problems as the first one, keeps shutting off by itself.So now I'm on my 3rd like new replacement, lets see what happens with this one : (I have once again lost my faith in LG phones, seems they are not built to last.Update : 4/16/10My 3rd Envy Touch died! Never again will I buy LG phones! Totally unreliable!
The LG ENV touch was my first entry to touch-based screens (I'm still waiting for the iPhone for Verizon - let's hope for early 2011) and I have had it for a year because if I have given a review when I first got it, I would probably have written and raved about it.  But here is my feelings about the phone afterward.After I purchased the LG ENV Touch, it seemed in July 2009, it seemed that right after, there were a good number of better phones that came out right after.  Droid-based phones, new touch devices and granted, this is common and the fact that this phone did not need a data plan which was convenient.But if you are planning to get the LG ENV Touch, there are three things I do recommend. And if anything, you can learn from my mistakes as I tend to drop my cell phones and well, not take the best care of them, like I should.1.  Buy a screen protector - Had this in my suit jacket along with my keys and sure enough, big nice scratch on the screen (sigh).2.  Buy a case protector.  No, not the thin ones for aesthetics.  I'm talking like those Body Glove protectors that are thick because I've dropped this phone many times.  You could try your best and not try to drop it but things happen and in my case, it has created this warping around edge of the top right (obviously some screen damage).3.  Buy a micro SD card.  No you don't have to buy an expensive version, don't be fooled by "cell phone only" as Micro SD card is the same no matter what. With that being said, I've read people not having any success but using Sandisk cards which I do use and I purchased it cheap like $2.99.  Do not spend over $15 for one.  Shop around.POSITIVES:- Great for texting and also for those who use it as an MP3 device to listen to music or podcasts.  Great for those who need to store a database as you can read your excel spreadsheets, documents and PDF's.- Great keyboard, easy to use.- Not that hard to use bitpim on but much easier to load your ringtones on your Micro SD card.- Ease of use.  First time, it might take an hour but after that, you'll get the hang of it.- Connection to your computer via USB to transfer files (to the Micro SD card) is easy.- Quick charge via USB.- Love the speaker phone.- Easy to use apps.- Views .wmv videos quite fine.NEGATIVES:- Battery life - Like most cell phones, you may need an extended battery depending on your use.- This is where I recommend the case because I've dropped this and now the sensitive touch screen will not work that well, I have to flip it on to get it to work. To make things worse, I need to keep the lock on because it starts acting like it's possessed and starts acting on its own as if someone is trying to do several inputs.  Weird.- Photos are not as clear as my wife's Samsung touch phone- Views .wmv videos but very few formats and they have to be several minutes not long.  Tried to put a movie and video wouldn't work, just audio.Overall, The ENV Touch is a very good phone for the basic use having a cell phone and of course, bells and whistles to accompany it. It's not a smart phone, so no data service is required.Since mine is the first generation, one can wonder what LG will have next for the next generation of it.  But learn my situation and get the screen protector and a thicker holder/protector and also a Micro SD card (since they are cheap these days).
This review will likely be updated as I continue to test this phone.After about 3 years of using Samsung A930 and Verizon's $[...] payment to continue with their plan, and another $[...] rebate from LG, I have switched to LG-VX11000 at a final price of $[...].Why?Because the battery life with the Samsung phone was reduced to less than a day, and even after buying a new battery, it seemed to discharge very quickly. Secondly, writing the obligatory LOLs or OMGs without a QWERTY keyboard was really getting annoying, but this is strictly a secondary reason.I looked at other Samsung phones, but the one I liked--the one with the eInk keyboard--did not have microUSB charger...it had its own charger. One lesson learned from the past is that chargers must be standardized, and microISB seems like a fair attempt at that. This LG phone use this standard, so it's easy and cheap to get a charger from a local general store. Coolness of eInk cannot surpass that.Many other reviews have mentioned many cool things about this phone, but one perspective I'd like to bring to table that maybe new is this: When the phone is unfolded partially it seems to create a sound barrier to keep ambient noise out of the conversation.UPDATE: (Sep. 26, 2010)It's been a year now and I must say I continue to love this phone. I did come across a bit of an annoyance and found a fix relatively quickly. However I didn't see the fix in the Internet, so I decided to add this little note: It is possible that when you insert your MicroSD card, the phone does not recognize the memory card, and may say "CARD NOT INSERTED". At this point, simply take out the battery to let the phone reset itself such that it will recognize the card once you put the battery back in. I hope this is helpful for others.
Sure, you can't go and download an app for everything. But I'm paying a lot less for my plan and I'm on the Verizon network. That in itself makes up for any lackluster comparisons between the LG EnV Touch & iPhones.The phone is rather large, but I have a big honkin' touch screen - so in my opinion, there is a valid reason for it's size. Plus it makes the QWERTY keyboard that much easier to use so you aren't fat-fingering your emails, texts, etc.I only have 2 complaints that I can even think of off the top of my head (after 3 months of owning it now), which is:1. Apparently there is a software glitch and my phone has been restoring the default wallpapers & shortcuts randomly. I plan to go to Verizon to fix this today as I've read on their forums there is fix.2. Battery life is bad if you use it extensively. I'm looking into an extended life battery.With that, unless your looking for this phone to either be an iPhone or do cartwheels, I can't see why anyone wouldn't like this phone. All my previous concerns or issues were easily resolved by looking up how to fix them (such as calibrating the touch screen) on the Verizon site.
This phone is simply brilliant. I agree with everything the other reviewer said - mainly that text message sentences don't start in caps. But by no means a big deal! This phone is so easy to use - with the touchscreen or the keyboard. I was worried about the touchscreen and didn't want a touchscreen only phone because of the stories I had heard. This phone has the best of both - full keyboard and touchscreen, but I can tell you the touchscreen works flawlessly. I am really impressed at how easy it is to use. Web browsing is easy too, no need to buy an expensive data plan to surf the web. I use mine for work and play. I was a diehard motorola man, but LG has won me over. When I go shopping for appliances or a TV I will look closer at LG, they just seemed to get all the little details - well most of, the details right. You can't say that about motorola, there phones were starting to slip.This one is a keeper, my only worry is how are they going to make the next one better? This one is that good.p.s. - When shopping for a phone make sure if your a polarized sunglasses wearer like me that you can read that screen! This phone is TOTALLY readable wearing sunglasses. I traded in a samsung alias 2 for this LG - samsung was nice, but in landscape mode the screen was black, portrait it worked fine. Just something you probably wouldn't think of checking for in the store! And again this LG is great with polarized lenses.
these are great quality and well built. i guess its the namebrand jawbone stuff. the bummer part is this product outlasted my headset which went out on me.
This is perfect.  Works just like the original.  Now if I ever catch the dirty no good low down thieves that stole my original....  Honestly this works just like my original.  Great!
Like some of the BB phones, this was very useful for charging Jawbones that required rocker plugs.  If you have one of those, get this unit as it is great.
This is the actual Jawbone Prime charger & it works better than the one that came with my Jawbone originally. Amazon said I should get the charger between the 26th & 31st, but I got it way faster...on the 23rd. Great seller, honest description.
I have used this to charge my phone, apple devices and multiple other items that require a usb adapter.  this works just fine for them all!
First when I got charger, I don't know how it works with blue tooth. I charged my blue tooth and it didn't start so I thought might charger is not good and I almost got ready to return but then I saw videos on you tube and then I came to know how to use blue tooth. Charger works great. Condition is also nice. Price is reasonable & cheap.
Hands down worth the hypeWife will now talk to me on the phone when I am handsfree.Perfect, customizable fit
Wow.  I thought that i couldnt loose at this price.  But i was WRONG!  These pens scratched and RUINED my screen protector!  Who knows what it would do to my actual ipad screen!  Not only am i out the $2.59.  Now i have to spend $25 for a new screen protector!!  I wish I could give it 0 stars!
I have used these stylus with my Nook Color, Garmin gps, Samsung Mythic phone, and my iPad2.  They have worked great on all of the products. I originally ordered them for my Mom to use on her Nook Color as she was having a hard time learning the touch screen, and she loves it.  Since it came with three, I kept 2 for me and have used them way more than expected as they really do make it easier and quicker. Have held up great with lots of use.  Good and inexpensive purchase. No regrets.
Purchased for a TomTom and a Droid X2. They work quite well as long as you do not try to swipe with them. The pointer is a rubber finish so it does not work well for swiping. A+ to the seller who could not ship on time so they sent me another brand to get me by until they could ship out the ones I ordered. Very good communication on their part also to let me know the situation
I Love these things. I don't like to use them when I'm playing games because they don't slide well at all but for anything else they are great. And you get so many for a good price. I give then to my co workers sometimes.
sometimes you have to apply more pressure to get the device to recognize that you're using it, and if you're not careful, the tip comes off. good for something like playing games, or if you're prone to losing small objects like I am!
You can get three of these for half the cost of one of the name-brand stylii. So even if one doesn't work - as was true for me - you've still got two of these cool little dealies for not much cash. They make drawing and We Rule farming a lot easier. I like it.
Nicely designed.  Just the right size, ease of use, works nice as a protective case and extended battery.  I bought an additional one for a company executive who kills batteries quickly.  He's ultra picky and even he loves it.  Data transfers through the battery connector so there is never a reason to remove the battery. You should purchase an additional charge cord as a spare.  The charge cord is USB to Micro USB.  I leave the battery on all the time.  When the external battery dies it switches to the main battery.
This unit sports a micro usb connector this is what ended up breaking on mine they are very flimsey.  The case makes it hard to move the ring/silent switch.  Over time the case will leave nice vertical scrapes on the back of the iphone.  Battery life is only so so at $80.00 I would not consider this accessory a very good deal.
I love my iPhone and use it constantly. The one downside has been the limited battery life when I'm using it for calls or running applications.I was using a Duracell DR7000LI to help extend the time before I'd have to plug back in, but the attached cable and battery made it clumsy to move about and kept getting tangled (yes.. that wasn't the intended purpose, but it worked).When I found out about the Mophie Juice Pack case, I had to try it.The package is impressive... It's attractive and I didn't have to resort to heavy machinary to open it. The unit came fully charged and since I'm not one to read instructions I had my iPhone nestled away in the Mophie in a matter of seconds.I'm impressed with the ease of installation. The phone just slips in and it's a few seconds to attach the top of the case. The workmanship seems good and the iPhone fits into the case snugly. Since the case contains a battery, it's a bit heavier than the phone and somewhat longer and thicker too. I was a little apprehensive at first, but it still fits into my jeans pocket and is much easier to pull out than my older rubber case.I noticed pretty quickly that my battery wasn't draining as quickly as it used to. In the past, I'd have to plug in somewhere or use my external battery pack within an hour and so far, the Mophie has let me continue working without interruption or cables to juggle.The phone's buttons are protected from accidental pressing (much better than my rubber case) and there's a small switch on the bottom of the unit that allows you to turn the external battery off when you don't want to use it. There's also a set of 4 battery check lights that are activated with a small button. A nice touch.Charging the unit's pretty simple, you attach the included micro USB cable to the case and it charges the phone and case battery while the phone syncs with your computer. I was a bit disappointed to find that the dock connector's hidden away from view, but I'm still able to charge the phone and sync so there's not a loss of functionality. One side effect of dock connector being unavailable is that you will have to pull the phone from the case if you want to put your phone in a speaker dock. I also have to remove the phone from the case while I'm using my Kensington LiquidAux Auxiliary car kit. If you must separate the iPhone from the Mophie, they can both charge independently from one another.Positives:Extends battery lifeCase is well made and protects phone.Decent priceEasy installation and  removalBattery check lightProtects buttons from accidental pressingNegatives:dock connector is hidden so you can't use speaker or car docking kits without removing the case.Case is somewhat slippery.The case is a bit longer and thicker than the phone.Added weight may make it somewhat harder to hold for a long period of time.I'm pretty happy with the Mophie Juice Pack. I'll probably get one for my wife (assuming she doesn't steal mine)
The juice pack worked great for my mother's phone...and then it just up and died.  She had used it since Valentine's Day (her birthday), and two or three days ago 6/13/13, it just quit working.  Wasn't dropped, wasn't damaged.  The product does as intended, but the lifespan is quite poor.  Granted, I paid less than $30 for the battery case, but I would expect at least a 6 month lifespan.  I was not impressed, but since it's one of the only cases on the market for the purpose without running a cord to a charger hidden in her purse, I'll most likely buy again & take my chances.
I have to amend my original review (see below) after owning the item now for several months. I bought the Juice Pack Air in October, despite others' complaints about signal strength, sync not working, and fragile build quality, and I hadn't experienced trouble with any of these, so I gave it four stars in my early review.I've now dropped it down after having problems. Before continuing, I should note THERE ARE AT LEAST TWO REVISIONS OF THIS DEVICE OUT THERE; I know because I've now had two different revisions.PROBLEM 1: On my original Juice Pack Air, the micro-USB connector broke after two months. Sad because I was very, very satisfied with the product until that moment. I only found one or two other people around the web that mention this, but two months after purchase, the micro-USB connector on the case disappeared inside it one evening when I went to plug it in, spelling doom for the case. After determining that I couldn't easily open it and fix it myself with a soldering iron or something, I put in an RMA warranty service request via the Mophie website.Service was reasonably good. Never got a human call or response, but I did get a UPS tag. I shipped them the broken case and a copy of my receipt using the tag (so I didn't have to pay for any shipping) and now, two weeks later, a new case has arrived. So thanks for the exchange Mophie, but it is worrying that the connector isn't attached in a more substantial way (the replacement case is the same).PROBLEM 2: Oddly, the replacement case (supposedly exactly the same product) doesn't fit the iPhone 3Gs nicely as my original case did. This one is a full 2mm longer (yes, LONGER) meaning that there's a big empty gap (enough to slide a penny in) between the top of the phone and the top of the case. Yes, the top IS seated all the way. It's also not nearly as tight. I know that people have complained about the tightness of the Juice Pack Air, but I liked it. This one is still nicely made, but it's now a much more "slide on/slide off easily" affair. Now the case feels less as though it will snugly protect the phone.PROBLEM 3: The replacement unit does indeed kill my signal strength (as others have reported) in a way that my first unit didn't. I wonder what they've changed between revisions that causes this?PROBLEM 4: Sync and charge behavior are frustratingly different with the new unit as well. Clearly there are highly different revisions of this piece of equipment out there. On my first Juice Pack Air, sync worked transparently with the Mophie attached (just plug it in and the computer saw it) and charging was easy, since I just left the switch on the bottom in the "on" position all the time and forgot about it. Plugging it into USB, both the Juice Pack AND the iPhone would charge to full at the same time. Unplugging, the Juice Pack would discharge first, then the iPhone. Now, both charging and sync behaviors are different.First, sync no longer works with the juice pack attached (a problem many others have had). Second, charging now works like this:- When I plug the juice pack in (either switch position), the actual iPhone doesn't charge at the same time (before, no matter whether the switch was red or green, both the iPhone AND the Juice Pack would charge in parallel if it was plugged in). Now, when plugged in the iPhone continues to discharge and will eventually go flat, even as the Juice Pack busily charges.- I have to set the switch to green to charge the actual iPhone, but I MUST UNPLUG the Juice Pack from power for charging to occur (if it's plugged in and I switch to green, the iPhone does not charge). And green or red, the moment I plug the Juice Pack back into power, the iPhone stops charging, no matter the switch position. So basically: you can only charge the Juice Pack when plugged into power (not the iPhone). You can only charge the iPhone when not plugged into power (and then, obviously, you can't charge the Juice Pack).Getting a full charge for both from a full flat for both thus requires the following steps with the replacement unit:1. Plug in Juice Pack. Wait for it to charge (meanwhile, iPhone goes dead and stays dead).2. Disconnect power, flip Juice Pack to green. Wait for iPhone to charge (meanwhile, Juice Pack runs down as it charges).3. Reconnect Juice Pack, replace charge just used (of course, when you plugged in, the iPhone stopped charging and is now running down again while the Juice Pack charges).In short, it's literally impossible to actually get both to a full charge at the same time unless I take the pack OFF of the iPhone and charge them separately. The first Juice Pack Air I had (the one that broke and was replaced under warranty) did NOT behave this way.I suspect that they changed the behavior to this because of the complaints I've read about overheating when both batteries were charging at the same time. I didn't experience that problem with my first Juice Pack, though they did get quite warm.IN ANY CASE, my new review is this: I'll continue to use the thing because I bought it and it does provide extra power. But it's a kind of grudging acceptance and frustration now rather than enthusiasm, and I'm tempted to try to get ahold of one of the competing (and now discontinued, no doubt due to similar types of problems) Incase Power Slider units to see if they're any better.Maybe there's just no way to do this right and Apple should consider releasing an "extended battery" version of the iPhone that's twice as thick for $200 more? I'd pay for it if it gave me double the battery life without all of this "power case" nonsense.----------------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:So there I was sitting in the Apple Store in Manhattan trying to find a single case that protected the sync port at the bottom of the iPhone. Couldn't find one. But I did find the Mophie Juice Pack Air for less than twice the price of some of the basic black silicone cases being sold at the store."Not bad," I thought, but I wanted to read a review and see whether the thing was any good, particularly since the Apple Store didn't have an open one on display for me to at least inspect the build quality. Some of the reviews complained about loss of signal strength, much lower than advertised battery power, and/or the inability to sync without removing the iPhone from the Mophie.I contemplated, then I bought, knowing that I could always return it if I hated it. Immediately upon buying, I went straight over to the nearest horizontal surface, opened it, and installed it. Then, I plugged it into the USB port on my laptop.(1) No signal strength degradation (knock on wood).(2) Computer found the iPhone and all was happy with syncing (knock on wood).(3) Later experience has shown that it gives me a good 70% boost in battery length (knock on wood).Apart from that, I think the build quality complaints are really baseless. This is a beautifully finished, very solid, very nicely fitting (incredibly precise tolerances) piece of equipment. Those that are complaining sound like they're removing the case daily. WARNING: It's clearly not designed to be removed and replaced over and over again, you can tell that just by looking at it. If you plan to remove it from your iPhone all the time, this is not the case for you. (And thus, if you plan to use your iPhone with all kinds of docks and docking accessories, this is not the case for you.)This thing is clearly intended for people in good coverage areas who use the iPhone mostly on the go, don't have a ready pile of iPhone accessories that require docking, and need a nice cover and a boost in operation time.The only reasons I give it four stars rather than five: I have no idea how long the battery's lifetime will be; a lot of lesser rechargeable batteries tend to wear out after 20-30 cycles, which I haven't yet gotten to on the Mophie, and also, the micro USB cable that comes with it is TOO DAMNED SHORT (like, a foot and a half, literally) and I had to buy a USB extension cable. Just make the cable longer, guys.
*** April 23rd Update: Unfortunately the power switch on the unit failed within only 4 weeks of having it (and only light use) - the switch gradually moved deeper inside the unit until one day it separated completely and just rattled around inside the case so I have reduced my review from four to one star. The idea is great but the build quality of the unit is clearly substandard. I have no confidence a replacement will fare any better since this seems to be a design flaw - in trying to get my money back Mophie claim it is TechNGnet's problem to solve (the original seller), TechNGnet claim it is Mophie's problem. I am afraid my advice now is DO NOT buy this case from Mophie unless you are willing to flush seventy bucks down the drain.*** Original Review: I was a little hesitant to buy this battery case based on the feedback, but I knew I still needed something to help my 3GS through a busy day. I had disabled Push and only used 3G sparingly in order to nurse my phone through a whole day and still ended up with low battery warnings at 4pm on some days.I already have a seperate battery but it is clumsy to carry that (plus cable) through the day and charging it each night required more organization than I was capable of. After researching all the alternatives I decided the Mophie Air was the best of the bunch available today, even though I had concerns about the possible drawbacks.I received my Mophie 2 weeks ago and I am very happy with it so far. I knew about the issues ahead of time so my expectations were set accordingly.What works:The form factor is great - it makes the iPhone chunky but guess what - it actually feels better this way and is easier to hold when in use! Materials seem ok, the case doesn't feel cheap and doesn't have garish brand names emblazoned on it, just a nice low key "mophie" imprinted logo. Charge LEDs do the job. Case is snug but fits my 3GS OK and covers the whole phone back and top. Not sure how much protection it really provides but it has to be better than nothing.Battery Capacity:Not amazing but will recharge a dead phone to about 90% which is more than enough for a long day (or two short ones).Convenience:Perfect - always ready when you need it. Charging is simple, plug it in at night with one cable and by morning you have a fully charged phone and case ready for the day. To enable charging when you are low on juice just flick a small recessed switch and your phone is charging back to life, easy. Syncing works fine through the MicroUSB cable.Drawbacks:Cable - yes it's a microUSB which means your docks won't work unless you slide the case off each time - I wasn't really too bothered about this. Extra cables can be found online pretty cheaply.Mute Switch - you can't unmute with the case on, you need to slide the top off to get to the switch. Irritating but not a dealbreaker.Reception - I haven't noticed the big drop in signal strength others have reported - might be a slight reduction but nothing that has given me any trouble (yet?)MicroUSB connector - people have complained that the connector breaks inside the phone after continued use - I haven't had any problems yet but I'm keeping an eye open for this.Price - it's pricy but if your iPhone is a primary tool for you then you'll appreciate the convenience and the investment will be worth it.Best illustrations of how it has saved me already -1) Business call that went much longer than planned, battery was down to 7% - flicked the charger switch mid-call and I was good to go for the rest of the call (and day).2) Writing this review in Starbucks - 20% battery warning just came up but I don't care - it's just time to get the Mophie going.Overall this has completely solved my battery anxiety and made my iPhone a dependable device all day - highly recommended.I just confirmed that Blackberry Micro USB data cables work fine with the Mophie (they charge and sync) and can be purchased very cheaply from Amazon.
love it but takes a bit long to charge and battery runs out quickly sometimes. i do not anything else to say but they require all these words to meet their standard response I suppose.
This battery / case about doubles the thickness of your iPhone 3G. It adds a little weight, not really a significant amount. Battery time is just about doubled. I have the black model.The good - this is an excellent case for the back and sides of your iPhone. It does not protect the screen (use this protectorinvisibleSHIELD for the Apple iPhone 3G (Front)). The new charge time is impressive, actually a usable phone now. Whatever time you've gotten with your iPhone, this will just about double that time. For me personally, I used to get right around 24 hours until the red light (&lt;20% charge) came on. Now I can go 2 days before the red light. The plastic is very nice, glossy and looks just about like the iPhone body.The bad - dump your iPhone connector, you will now use one of those micro-USB connectors to charge and connect your iPhone to your computer. No this is not the small USB connector used by digital cameras (you probably have about 50 of these standard cables laying around), this is that new flat connector that is very easy to flip upside down and have no idea you are ruining the connector. It's actually a pain in the rear to use. In addition the connector is recessed pretty deeply into the Mophie case, so some micro-USB connectors won't work. You can sync the phone with this connector.The mediocre, or of no real consequence. The microphone and speaker are covered up by the bottom of the Mophie. There are slots that redirect the sound (down toward the microphone and out toward you for the speaker). The slots don't change the sound at all. This is a two piece device, the battery is in the bottom 3/4 with a plastic cap on the top 1/4. All the controls are now recessed - so it's not super easy to reach the mute switch. All others are easy to get at.This is much much better and thinner than the incase version (Incase Power Slider for iPhone 3G - Black (EC20003)). It looks much better than the other Mophies.There are 4 blue LED's on the back that show how much charge is in the battery. There's also a switch to turn off the battery.Overall, a good case and a very good battery extender. Given that my iPhone now has a useable charge, I don't mind the extra thickness and weight.August 3, 2009 Update - Thank you to Esanta for their comment that I originally called the connector a mini-USB. The connector the Mophie uses is in fact a micro-USB connector (I have corrected the review). Still a pain in the rear, and a lot less common than the mini-USB connector.February 25, 2013 Update: This case is sitting right beside me along with the iPhone 3G that has a slightly cracked screen and is no longer in use. That mophie battery still works. I see this thing is now $20, that is a steal. If you have a 3G or 3GS, this battery is really worth the price of admission.
WHAT COMES IN THE BOXCaseMicro USB CableInstructionsHOW I USE THE IPHONEI am constantly surfing the web, playing games, or listening to music which really gives the battery a run for its money.  I am out of battery life in 4 hours if I don't use a supplementary battery.WHAT I HAVE TRIED3GJUICE Major MojoIncase Power SliderPROSPreferentially charges the iPhone before using the iPhone's internal batteryLED indicator for battery lifeSolid constructionCONSShort proprietary Micro-USB CableUnable to use iPhone in docking station with the case installedDecreases signal strength when you have fewer than 5 barsHard to remove iPhone from the unitAdds thickness and weight to the iPhoneDESIGNThis two piece battery/case is constructed of hard plastic with recesses allowing for protection of the buttons along the side and top of the iPhone.  The microphone and speaker are completely covered but do not impede the transmission of sound.  The back has a 4 level LED battery indicator.  The bottom of the unit has a switch allowing the user to toggle the battery on and off.  The fit and finish are excellent, and this has a glossy appearance.  It does not extend far beyond the touch screen but will probably protect the screen against blunt drops.  Unfortunately, if you have an iPhone dock this case will prevent you from using it with the case installed.Removing the iPhone from the Juice Pack Air can be challenging.  First recommendation is to put it on correctly.  Make sure you are sliding the iPhone along the case without much resistance.  If there is the least bit of resistance, imagine how hard it will be to remove it.  Assuming you have installed the case correctly, the best way to take the phone out is by wedging your fingers along the gaps at the bottom of the case, adjacent to the "Mophie" imprint, and pushing down to get a decent gap between the phone and case.  Then, carefully slide the phone up and out of the case.The micro-USB cable takes the place of the iPhone connection but still allows you to plug it into the outlet and USB port.  This also allows for syncing with iTunes without problems, as opposed to the finicky nature of the Incase Power Slider.  The cable is shorter than the OEM USB cable supplied with the iPhone.  Given the proprietary cable, it would serve as a challenge to find a suitable car charger (my vehicle has a built in AC outlet).The phone gets warm when the battery is charging, but not hot to the point that you are uncomfortable.  When driving, I frequently use my Bluetooth interface through my vehicle's speakers.OPERATIONThe battery is already charged and ready for use.  Access to the volume and power buttons is not at all obstructed.  The toggle switch is a little difficult to switch for its size.  Charging time is about 3 hours.  The Juice pack battery is preferentially used over the internal iPhone battery.  When the Juice Pack is down to zero charge, the iPhone will give a message that the device does not support charging for the unit.WIFI signal and 3G signal is not noticeably impeded in areas of strong signal.  However, there is more of a limitation with the Edge Signal in my experience (taking about 1 bar off my indicator).  In areas where signal is poor (without the case on), I get "No Service".  I actually get signal as opposed to the Incase Power Slider which gave me trace signal or "No Service" even in the strongest of 3G networks.Battery life is true to the manufacturer's word, doubling my usable time without a need for a charger.  This allows for about 20 hours of watching a movie or 60 hours of audio (without a plug) - assuming you turn off WIFI, Bluetooth and switch to Airplane Mode.HOW I USE IT IN LOW/LIMITED SIGNAL AREASIf I need to check email or have to send a text to use the network, I will just take the iPhone out of its case momentarily.  After I am done, I put the iPhone back in the Juice Pack Air.  When I alternate with my 3GJUICE Major Mojo or want to charge the phone in the car, I place my iPhone in the Incase Slider.SUMMARYIf you have strong signal in your area, this is a formidable solution to your battery concerns of the iPhone.  In areas of weak signal, you will just have to try it for yourself.  It is an excellent product, but it may not work for everyone depending upon the coverage in your region.
No wonder the price was so low, this battery pack is so bad that with the iphone battery fully charged and this pack fully charged, I cannot get not even 5 hours of use out of the phoneI noticed it from the beginning I should have returned this item right away.The newtrent I used to have outlast this one here by far
I bought this almost 2 years ago honestly, and it still charges great! I totally recommend this to everyone interested! It is interesting that it took about 4 hours to give a full charge so that is something you may consider if buying. But, its great. I still use it even after 2 years! Very durable.
I bought this originally for the outrageous price of $90, but thought it would be worth it if it got me through a full day of heavy use on my iPhone. The first case worked for about 3 weeks and then stopped working (the case would hold a charge, but not transfer any charge to my iPhone). I returned it (in the same box as my roomates, whose mophie also stopped working at the same time) and received a new one, no questions asked, which is nice. But the new one barely works at all. It extends the life of my iPhone battery for an hour or two but doesn't charge the phone, and it doesn't seem to work if my phone battery drops too low. For example, if my phone is at 20%, I attach the case and where I would normally only have maybe 30 min of talk time, the mophie gets me 60 minutes, but then the phone dies, even though the mophie power meter says it has juice left. This has been a very disappointing product.
Good style is essential to any Apple design. I have never understood why third party vendors have offered cases for the iPhone 3G and 3GS which look like they were designed by an ad hoc committee at the Lenin tankworks in Minsk.Here we have an exception. The Mophie case is simple, elegant and completely complementary to Apple's styling. But likeWrigley's 5 Stick Doublemint Gum 40 Packs, "it's two, two..." -two devices in one. It has a powerful external battery that extends the notoriously battery like of the original 3G several times.My original plan was to use this hard case when I needed extra battery life. It does present some difficulty in that the Apple pin is covered and the USB connector cannot replicate all Apple connection features. But then again, so what? The essence of an iPhone is still there. I am using it full time.
The Mophie Juice Pack Air Case and Rechargeable Battery effectly doubles the battery life of your iPhone 3G or 3GS.  It unavoidably beefs up the iPhones sleek dimensions, but can be a better alternative for some than the battery packs that plug into the bottom of the iPhone and afford little portability and encumbered use out of the iPhone while attached.If you are the type of iPhone use who normally carries around your iPhone in a protective case or jacket, then you probably won't mind the added bulk or heft.  The only annoying part of the size increase is that the depth is increased by about 50%.  This can make it more difficult to fit in your pocket, especially if you're wearing tight jeans.  However, taking off the case and putting it on is not much of a chore and thanks to the easily accessible port on the bottom, there's no need to regularly remove the Mophie Juice Pack.  LED indicators for the battery level round out the package.Overall, the Mophie Juice Pack is a great battery add-on for those who need it in a more convenient package than otherwise available.  It doubles as a case, which may be a big plus for some iPhone owners.  My wife uses a similar case (matte finish and obviously slimmer) when she's not using the Mophie Juice Pack.  So, when we are travelling away from home, she's glad to trade a little extra room in her purse for a lot of extra battery life.  For everyday use, she'd rather have her iPhone handy in her pocket.
All those who gave this case anything above 2 stars is misleading you. There is no way that you will not see a signal decrease while using this phone. Myself and others I know in different states with this same case all had the same problem. Sure if you are outside in a great signal area it will always work well because you will have 2-3 bars but you almost never get full bars with this case! Buyer beware. But another brand charger case unless you get the Mophie iphone 4 case which works great. ha, I just realized I contradicted myself about anyone who gave this case above a 2 star rating. Well, this time it's for your own good. Thanks
First, be prepared to loose your signal.  Second the case does not protect your phone very well.  Buyer beware!
I can not begin to tell you how invaluable this product is to anyone who owns an iphone.  We all know perfectly well that the Apple iphone has a terrible battery life, right?  I see people complaining about this all the time and I wonder why they don't do something about it, it is so very simple, you just have to go and buy a Mophie Juice Pack Air Case and Rechargeable Battery!Then you never have to worry about being caught without any juice AND it has this beautifully designed case that is sleekly contoured to the Iphone and it adds no noticeable bulk or weight to the phone, which most people I run into seem to be worried about.It slides right in the case, and has a charging port at the bottom, with a mini USB, which comes with it, and it has no issues with syncing with itunes at all.It would be great if Mophie made a little dock for this, its the only thing I really miss having this on my phone 24/7 but that peace of mind it brings me doesn't out weighs this very minor inconvieance.I must also mention that their customer service is hands down the very best I have ever encountered, and that's a pretty big deal coming from someone who knows a thing or two about that!I highly recommend this product hands down one the very best iphone accessory I have!A very small investment for the power you may desperately need one day!I ALSO HAVE TO NOTE THAT THIS THING CAN ACTUALLY SAVE YOUR LIFE.  JUST LOOK AT THIS LUCKY GUY FROM HAITI!!![...].
The Mophie Juice Pack Air may be just what you need if you're running into challenges with iPhone battery life, and don't want to (or can't) be tethered to a power cord. In my experience it does just about double battery life, and it seems solidly made.The Juice Pack Air is a two-piece case. The iPhone slides into the bottom piece, which has the standard iPhone jack on the bottom. The top piece then slides over the top of the phone. It's a solid, snug fit. There's no face built into the case, so use a screen protector for maximum protection. The iPhone synchronizes and charges via a provided cable that connects to a USB port.In terms of functionality, the Juice Pack Air has two modes, selected by a small slider switch on the bottom of the case.Mode 1: The Juice Pack Air is constantly charging your iPhone until the Juice Pack's battery is depleted, after which the iPhones internal battery is used. Using this mode, you can use up the Juice Pack Air's battery, remove the case, and continue on with just the iPhone.Mode 2: The iPhone's battery is used first, with the Juice Pack's battery on reserve. When the iPhone is battery is depleted, you flip the switch on the bottom of the Juice Pack to begin powering/charging your iPhone from the Juice Pack. Using this mode, you can keep the case charging on your desk while you use the phone, then slide the phone into the case to increase your battery life. It's almost like being able to swap in a new battery. The Mophie documentation suggests that this second mode maximizes battery life.The Juice Pack Air does add some size and weight to the iPhone. I measured and weighed the phone with and without the case, with the following results:Without Juice Pack/With Juice PackThickness: 12mm/19mm (0.47inch/0.75inch)Width: 62mm/66mm (2.44inch/2.60inch)Height: 115mm/125mm (4.53inch/4.92inch)Weight: 138g/204g (4.9oz/7.2oz)Finally, some design details. The Juice Pack Air has four LED's on the back of the case, which allow you to check the case's battery status at the press of a button. The case itself is shiny and polished, so it looks nice but it really shows fingerprints, etc. If you have large fingers, you may find it difficult to operate the volume and mute buttons with the case installed. Finally, the charging connector for the Juice Pack Air appears to be proprietary (although it resembles a standard USB connector, it's not). If you have an existing charger (such as for a car) that uses the iPhone connector, it will not work with the Juice Pack Air installed. Mophie offers a car charger separately.
I used the original Mophie Juice pack for about 6 months with my 3G until I wore it out by cycling it twice a day & it no longer took a charge.  Worked pretty well but it looked kind of funny (a little big & the iPhone sticks out of the top).  I've had the Juice Pack Air with my 3G & now the 3Gs for about 2 weeks and it's been great.  It has a little less power but a much better form factor.  It just feels like a larger iPhone.  While the original Juice Pack has a mat finish, the Juice Pack Air has a very smooth finish which makes it a bit slippery.  It slipped out of my pocket once already & I almost lost my iPhone.  So the improvements I would suggest: (1) more POWER and (2) mat/non-slippery finish.
